 The scenes in this film can be very disquieting due to their graphic re-enactment of real events, but this story needs to be told. I will say the violence was injected into the movie with as much taste as manageable when dealing with rape scenes, etc. Inspired by true events, women are being murdered in Juarez after they leave the factory where they work. A fearful community is suddenly given some hope when one of the young victims not only lives, but experiences 'stigmata' after seeing the Virgin Mary.  I was shocked to learn that murders in Juarez are still happening and many are unsolved. I believe this director brought a very important story to the surface. Though it's never pleasant to think about young women being murdered, this movie depicts a harsh reality of the high cost of exploited-cheap labor.  Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 Over the past few years, public television has put on a series of vintage  Doo Wop   and Rock 'N' Roll concert reunions that have been absolutely flawless.  This latest dvd  Rock, Rhythm And  Doo Wop , is a total delight to ones ears.  Keep in mind all these vintage artists recorded in an era, when vocal talent was essential, to get a recording contract?  They did not have modern day computerized overdub technology, which enables many modern day artist's with limited ability to survive?  This dvd reads like a who's who of early rock.  The architect of rock, Little Richard starts off this concert with a stomping version of  Keep-A Rockin , and the line-up that follows, keeps this concert at a premium level of performances.  You get to see and hear Lou Christie, Little Anthony and the Imperials, Jerry Butler, Lloyd Price, Joey Dee and the Starliters, Frankie Valli, Fred Paris and the Satins and the Countours, just to name a few.  However, nothing prepared me for the performance of Jay Black and the Americans?  After singing  This Magic Moment , Jay gave a performance, that could make anybody from the babyboomer era feel young again.  As he prepared to sing  Cara Mia , he joked that he first recorded the song at age 25, and must now at age 62, hit those same notes?  Hit those notes he did!  Using that opera trained voice, he delivered a powerful performance that had the entire audience on it's feet, showering him with a well deserved standing ovation.  If you are a fan of the old-time vocal and rock sound of the 50's and 60's, this is an absolute must have dvd.  I highly recommend this to everyone, who enjoys those golden oldies.
 I recvd this video (DVD version) as a Christmas gift.  I put it on about 11 pm just to see what it was like, and finally got dragged to bed about 4
 Wow! When I saw this show on PBS--that was it, I had to have this!  What great tunes!  And seeing these groups--terrific! I couldn't find a list of songs, so here's some of them
 Having worked in television for 34 years I can tell you that this is one of the finest doo-wop DVD's you will ever see. It is done with class and a great respect for the talent. Congratulations to T.J. Lubinsky the producer. Having been brought up in the Bronx and lived through the era of street corner singing I advise you to pick this up today. the performance by Little Anthony and the Imperials on  Two Kinds of People In The World  is worth the price alone. I have played this piece over and over. All the performances are great - buy it - you will be a fan of TJ Lubinsky and his special admiration for what I was lucky and privileged enough to live through.
 The people who have reviewed this DVD before me have said it all! It is just great! Came across the concert on PBS one night and decided to buy it then and there. After viewing it once I also bought DOO WOP 50 and DOO WOP 51. What a wonderful nostalgic trip to the past! You will never regret buying this DVD.
 I have all of the doo wop DVD's and this one is as good or better than the 1st ones. Remember once these performers are gone, we'll never get to see them again. Rhino did an excellent job and if you like or love doo wop and Rock n Roll you'll LOVE this DVD !!
 Get it, also get Dop Wop 50 and Doo Wop 51. Each performances is like the original 45's, except with modern, nice ,crisp sound like today's cds.
 Excellent, excellent performers.  Excellent video and audio quality.  Buy this DVD and go back in time.  Well worth the time waiting for almost a year to get hold of the DVD.
 This video is awesome and of particular interest to anyone who grew up with the great music of the 50's and 60's.  The Duprees were wonderful!  Also, Jay Black's Cara Mia gave me goose bumps.  It doesn't matter how old these guys are, they can still belt out quite a song.  Little Anthony and the Imperials were also very, very good!  They have recaputured the sounds of the music they way we remembered it!  The backup musicians deserve an huge amount of praise. This is one you do not want to miss!  I recommend it HIGHLY!
 As I stated in my reviews for Doo Wop 50 and Doo Wop 51, both they and this show are extremely outstanding in nearly every way.  Frankly, I thought Little Richard's appearance was a little pointless, and while I enjoyed Frankie Ford's Sea Cruise, both of these performances seemed a little out of place on this show.  It seemed like Lou Christie was straining to hit the high notes at times, but hit them he did. I was especially impressed with Little Anthony and the Imperials acappella performance of "Two Kinds of People in the World", and Jay Black and the Americans' performance of Cara Mia (at the very respectable age of 62) is enough to make the hair on the back of your neck stand up every time you watch it.  I wonder why the back up group Pure Gold, which appears on all three shows, doesn't get a performance of their own, because they are good.  This is an excellent addition to anyone's DVD library.  Some notes here
 I own both the VHS and DVD versions of this program, and I second everything the other reviewer wrote.  I used most of these songs in my after school music class with 5th and 6th graders and they love it.  We first sang the songs off lyric sheets and from CD's and then watched the DVD.  They enjoyed it so much I ordered a DVD copy for each of my students as a present for joining the class.  I would suggest ordering the DVD version since it has about eight interviews with artists from the program in addition to six extra songs that aren't available on the VHS version.  The DVD version is now available only from PBS.  The singers may be older than when they first made these songs hits, but they can still sing them as well as ever.  My only complaint with it is it has five songs by Little Anthony and the Imperials.  Two would have been enough with maybe a second song from some of the other singers in their place.  Nevertheless, you can't go wrong with either the VHS or DVD version.  I prefer the DVD since it includes extra songs and interviews that the VHS version doesn't have.
 well,this just goes to show why you don't blindly accept a critics review. I own a yellow lab(2) and I can tell you this is a pretty realistic. Yes I guess the critics would like to see a gloom and doom ending but I dont think they heard of the true story of when one of these trmendously faithful conpanions carried his master half a mile back to his home after he suffered a near fatal heart attack(would have been fatal if not for yellows actions). It is a very heartwarming  story without being predictable and just fantastic views. The heck with critics. Buy this because it makes you feel good and that there wasnt a need for explosions or car chases or guns to provide for interesting viewing.
 The cover of our DVD of "Far From Home says in large letters
 I would beg to differ with the above description of the film. This is not the typical  A-boy-and-his-pet  film. The story is more realistic than the typical film of its genre such as  Flipper  or   Lassie  and lacks the obvious manipulations of an  Air  Bud.  The characters look like real people. (Watch how Angus' little  brother dresses himself. Anyone who has been around a six-year old can see  their child dressing like this). Angus's and Yellow's fight through the  wilderness is not glossed over or  Disneyfied.  The  cinematography is beautiful. This film is wonderful for the whole family,  not just for the six-year old.
 As owners of a Yellow Lab, we just might be a bit biased, but we were mesmerized by this movie.  The adventures of a lost boy and dog.  Of course the ending is predictable.  We knew that.  But the story line, the fabulous scenery, the cinematography, the acting, the sub-plots and the adventure make this a must-see movie for the whole family - Preview it before showing it to the very young; they might be traumatized by the scary parts.  Buy "Far From Home...  a guaranteed winner.  You'll be watching it over and over again.
 You don't have to own a Yellow Lab to absolutley love this movie, but true dog lovers will find it irrestible. A young boy takes in a lost Yellow lab, and despite his parents reservations allow him to keep the dog. The boy and the dog become very close and forge a bond that is put to the test when they are lost in boat accident and end up stranded on a remote island. The dog stays by the young boy's side as they struggle to survive, find food, and battle a pack of wolves. All this happens while his parents and the coast guard desperately search for him.   After many weeks pass the Coast Guard believes they may never be found, but the dog and the boy do survive as they gain strength through each others love and devotion. It has an unusual ending, which I don't want to spoil, but Yellow Dog is one movie, although simple in structure, that really captures the true relationship that a boy and a dog can have that transcends even human friendships.
 You don't have to be a kid to enjoy this film.  This is one of those rare movies that both kids and adults can enjoy.  It has something for everyone.  Lots of clever situation comedy embedded in this coming-of-age wilderness drama.  A few scary moments for the young ones, but nothing they can't handle.  A few sprinkles of romance.  Lots of dog-boy bonding.  The ending is predictable for all but the very young, but delightful nonetheless.  Best of all, it's just a delightful movie free of violence, car chases, shoot-outs and antagonists!  This movie was engaging from start to finish.  On par with <a href="http
 This is by far one of the best American Movies, that I have seen in a very long time. It was indeed a true American reality show.
 I have no words, really my wife would not stop mourn the end of the movie.intense, surprising, sad, happy, sentimental, inspiring, emotional,
 A refreshing, family movie!  A dog finds a boy, boy keeps dog only if he takes complete care of him.  Dog, he names Yellow, becomes boys best friend.  A functional family teaching their son responsibility.  The scenery in this movie is beautiful. You will laugh, smile, and have tears....ending with joy.  Years ago we purchased this movie for ourselves after seeing it on HBO.  We have since purchased it for adults and for children.
 The first time I viewed this film I was a young teen. Now as a 29 year old guy I find this film just as entertaining as I did all those years ago. In a nutshell this is a film about a boy and the dog who found him,changed him,and saved his life when they were both shipwrecked. This film will appeal to anyone from 5 to 95 who enjoy clean adventurous family films.
 My sister and her husband requested this movie...thanx for delivering it in a timely manner...
 This is my grandson's favorite movie, and he watches it over and over again.  A boy lost in the NW rainforest with his dog, who saves his life.  Great stuff.  A real tear-jerker, too.
 This is a fantastic movie for the whole family. The scenery was incredible in the movie.
 They just dont make movies like this any more. A great movie for any movie library a must have. One you will bring out to watch for years to come!
 My family loved this adventure, especially my boys, 7 & 8.  We laughed, we cried, it became a part of us.... ;)
 The movie still amazes and touches me even seeing it for the 3rd time. I want to see this movie everytime i remember my dog, Huck Finn - i can say he is also a yellow dog.  The actors are great. The pictures are all natural.
 Just like the title says, Good Family Video. This movie+ your family + popcorn = Great family night with the kids.
 I disagree with the reviewers who said the movie was predictable and drawn out.  It was a movie with heart and you could feel the main characters plight when he lost his companion.  Being an animal lover I was pulling for the happy ending (of Course).  I am Disney's biggest fan and I love this movie right along with the others. (P.S.  I am a Grandmother to eleven.)  Thank heavens for Disney Movies.
 It is a funny movie, but I think there is way too much cursing, it takes away from the movie....
 This is a great movie especially if you were a young adult during the early 90's.  Dr. Dre and Ed Lover are a great pair, very funny.  Dennis Leary is hysterical.  So many quotable quotes!  The parade of rap stars actually enhances the movie. It's not a serious movie, more like really long funny skit.
 This video covers phonics to a deep extent, and may be a little too much for beginners. Mouth movement is included, and is an extremely useful learning tool. Occasionally, however, they just show the lip movement without showing pictures of the object corresponding to the word. Nevertheless, my son is a fast learner so it worked out perfectly for us. A hidden gem.
 The Reaper is a fantastic show filled with wild scenarios on how Sam and friends have to catch the different souls that escaped from Hell.  The only downside of the show was it only lasted two seasons.  I already bought the show in HD via Xbox Live.  Glad to see it on Amazon.com VOD.  I would have bought from here first if it was available at the time.  Wish show would come out on Blu-ray.  Season 2 even got better when the guys move out and get their own apartment.  Kevin Smith directed the pilot episode. Enjoy.
 Recording with an audience of less than 1,000, this DVD feels like a club recording with it's Dolby Ditigal and DTS audio sound.  Host Mark McEwen gushes a tad much and the 'Live by Request' gimmick is not original.  Still, it manages to captivate.  Fifteen songs (one a medley of eight), five being from the last album, it's a collection that defies the ear with the groups tight instrumentals and harmonies.   She Keep On Coming  and  You Should Be Dancing  rock the house, while  Sacred Trust  and  How Can You Mend A Broken Heart  lull the audience into a trance.  This recording is unique in that there are plenty of star 'call-ins' and lots of joking around.  Its surprising to hear Barry sing,  Woman In Love , but  Nights On Broadway  is, once again, cut far too short for a song that contains some of their best work. This is as close as a great live recording gets and a DVD well worth owning.   One Night Only  is a great live recording as well, but nothing matches the intimacy of this presentation.
 This is an awesome concert because the Bee Gees are so relaxed and spontaneous!  It was even fun listening to the request call-ins.  Some of the women said the same things I would have said if I had been able to view it live.  Love those guys!! Also, they performed songs that are not in some of their other recorded concerts.  I highly recommend this DVD!
 I own this DVD, along with their "One Night Only DVD, & I have to tell you--I love 'em both!! They sound just as good (or better) as when they were younger--I play one after the other at times (there are a few new songs on "This Is Where I Came In") on my stereo, set for DTS--ohhhh the sound is INCREDIBLE!!  I catch myself "boogie-ing"(not sure how to spell that--sorry) constantly...I'm 31 years old & LOVE the Bee Gees!!  What more can I say? 
 I purchased two DVDs, one for my parents who are huge Bee Gee fans (they're in their late 60s) and one for myself.  As African Americans our (my family) taste in music is culturally diverse and the Bee Gees are on the top of our lists.  This concert is a definite must see ranking right up there with their "One Night Only concert.  Several songs on this DVD I've never heard before but they have become my favorites. The Bee Gees were very playful/silly/funny in this concert which was a treat to see that different aspect of the group.
 I have been a Bee Gees fan for years.  It is really wonderful to see them again.  I love the songs from the new album  This is Where I In .  It is really great to hear Maurice take the lead in two of the songs,  Man in the Middle  and  Walking on Air .  While Barry and Robin have beautiful voices, I really enjoy listening to Maurice sing. After all these years, it is really great to see and hear the joy they still get from their music and from preforming together. While precious minutes of the show were taken up with requests, it was still nice to see their interaction with the fans.  I think anyone who is a fan of Barry, Robin and Maurice will enjoy this video.  I have watched it over and over.  It is really sad that we won't have the chance to see the three of them together like this again.
 Although this movie is broke up into two different parts, it was very good.  Since the movie was done in two parts, the second one repeats a lot as if one was not there to view the first part.  I did not like that at all.  The point to this movie is really good.  I'm actually going to send it to someone that has held "life against God.  This is an excellent ministering tool!!
 This DVD was very helpful for those who had lost a loved one in our family of faith. It was able to show that we are not alone in our loss or pain and that while our loved ones are gone from here --- they are still with us in spirit. It made our faith stronger and brought our family closer together in God's love. Louie Giglio is a Christian who's spirit sends a loving message from his heart.
 The whole Passion Series is life changing, a must have for any Christian household that has teenagers and young adults.  Louie has wonderful approach to teaching about the magnificence of God, the Creater of Heaven and Earth!  My  16 year old niece was so impressed and awe-struck after viewing "How Great is Our God and "Indescribable that she ended up taking the whole series home with her to share with all her friends.  Needless to say, I let her keep them and purchased a new series for myself. I am going to be showing my Bible study group "How Great is Our God tonight as we have a skeptic in our group.  I know this video will dispel any doubts she may have about God!  The "Hope video is equally inspiring in a different way, more focused on real life rather than creation.  It is a compliment to the "Fruitcake and Ice Cream video which deals with a real life story of a young college student who comes to know Christ.
 This is an amazing video for those who are suffering. When life hurts most, when the bottom falls out, when tragedy strikes I need to know, "Is there still hope for me? Louie answers a resounding YES. He explores the topic of suffering better than anyone I've heard. I was deeply inspired by this two-part video series. I recommend you buy it if you're hurting.
 This DVD is the third in the Passion 2006 series done by Louie Giglio.  The four videos go in order, so it is helpful to see them in order to follow the story throughout all of them.  However, having said that, this is still a very moving presentation about pain, suffering, and hope.  I would recommend this for high school and older, for Christians and non-Christians.  You can watch this with someone who is suffering, and no one has to say a word at the end.  It is not intrusive or offensive, but is comforting because it is about the God who is truly big enough to comfort anyone in the worst circumstances in life.  And everyone experiences them at some point.  With this Hope presentation, and with all of them in the series, you definitely will sense that God does the supernatural "heavy lifting that no human possibly can.  Excellent for mentoring teens and older.  The audience in the video is largely college age.  Highly recommended!
 This is an awesome addition to your movie collection!... A great tool to use to witness to others. All four are great and I think that you need all four. We own all four and even our children are interested in the series. They even repeat things that are stated in the serious. We are all amazed at the topics and images. You will have to see this for yourself. If you have viewed any of the others, Hope is a must view as well. There really are not any words to describe the experience of viewing Hope. Also there is no statement that can tell you the experience of owning all four to share with others. You never know when you may encounter someone who may need what is in this series and you to can use this series to win souls, and bring someone out of the darkness and into the light.  Our souls have truly been blessed by this series... we plan to bless others when they visit us with this series. Go ahead and Bless yourself, family, and friends with this awesome series, make sure you get all four and view them all. We tried to view them in the order that they are listed inside of the dvd. I don't know if it matters, as it is just what we did. Now we are waiting on the Blind side to come out.. Enjoy! You won't be the same! A treat for the whole family, friends, church family, and the neighborhood! Don't forget the popcorn! We use the crazy popcorn popper it is awesome with movies or without!  This is one series that we are glad we did not pass by... all cultures will and should enjoy this!  Always watch what you do and say to others as you never know what they are going through, or the impact you will have on them, and you never know who you are entertaining.  Keep up the Good Work Louie Giglio!
 This two part video tells where our only Hope lies, in Jesus Christ.  Louis is a great communicator who uses stories about real people and the Word of God to point out our only hope when difficulties in life arise, and they will.  It is a great resource for encouragement when life's hurts hit.  I recommend it to anyone, believer in Christ or not.
 Louie has some of the most inspirational an thought provoking sermons I have ever heard. He is truly anointed!
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies for escaping from worldly work.  Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce have great chemistry and the trials of Edmond Dantes are laid out (although too brief for me) in historically correct detail. Even though this movie loosely follows Dumas' book, the story has such a karmic ending that it always lifts my sprits.
 LOVE this movie - loved it when it first came out and still love it - awesome shots and wonderful story line....Jim C is an AMAZING actor!
 This movie has everything I like
 Great Blu-ray DVD for the price!  The graphic and sound quality is excellent.  The product was received less than 7 days and was well packaged.
 I love to read and am normally disappointed in the movies which are based on those books. This is the exception. Great, believable characters. Excellent character development. And some sword play and action to keep the men in your life interested.
 Start with great material like the classic book this film is based on, use a great director, pick great locations, assemble an incredible cast mixing well known with newer actors, and then adapt the book in a brilliant screenplay, and you end up with a movie like this that is everything a movie should be.  Adventure, mystery, romance, action sequences, character and plot development, and humor are all combined into a masterpiece.  The 1,000 page book by Dumas is, of course, a beloved classic with the theme of what would perfect revenge be like.  The book has complicated twists and a darker tone with an ending that feels like a let down in many ways.  Incredibly, the screenplay manages to summarize the book and include enough adaptations and a much more positive ending.  I can't say enough good about this screenplay and how well this movie adapts an intricate novel that would be impossible to film if you kept strictly to the plot of the novel.  The screenplay is perfectly balanced.  If you have watched several current adventure movies where the lighting is so dark, the action so blurred, the characters so poorly developed, and the plot so weak that you aren't even sure who you are watching and why they are doing whatever it is they are doing on the screen, you will appreciate the pacing of this film with clear lighting and a sound track that even grandfather can understand.  The acting is perfect with no grandiloquent flourishes but enough idiosyncracy that each character seems perfectly drawn.  Caviezel just couldn't be better as the lead character Dantes who is betrayed by his best friend who marries his girlfriend and sends him to prison for life.  Dantes meets a wise prisoner with knowledge of a hidden fortune, played by the late Richard Harris, and eventually escapes and wreaks a carefully plotted revenge on each and every enemy who had wronged him.  Without giving any more of the plot away, let me just say that this is the way movies should be and that the whole family will love this movie and watch it again and again as mine has.  Available in several formats, and for a great price since this movie has been out for nearly 10 years, I definitely recommend this movie highly.  Five stars.
 I have to say I was so impressed with this movie.  It is a great movie, and though not a Christian movie, it has a lot of God themes mingled in between.  I highly recommend this movie.  I am buying 2 other to give away.  SEE it, you will not be disappointed.
 The movie was great I like it I actually ordered as a gift I already own it.  The price was good and so was the delivery.  Happy with the order.
 The Count Of Monte Cristo is an all around great movie. You have an excellent story line and plot. You get action, suspense, romance and even a couple of laughs. All this in a movie without nudity, sex or bad language. There is violence, but not in the excessive, graphic way we have come to expect from Hollywood. This movie is proof positive that you don't have to have explicit sex, language or blood and guts to have a great movie! I highly recommend it.
 Richard Harris and Guy  Pearce made this movie great. All of the actors were superb and I think that the actual Chateau D'If was used. Superb in every way except not long enough.
 I didn't know what to expect when I first saw this movie in theaters, but I loved the whole movie.  The action, plot, suspense...wonderfully wrapped into this movie.  I enjoyed the movie so much that I have started to read the book.  A classic book and great movie. Revenge is so well portrayed in this movie.  Vengence, honor, love, justice.  So good!  This is my favorite movie to date!
 I am not a movie fan.  I find it difficult to sit and watch a story for 2 hours (and nearly impossible to 'suspend disbelief').  I will not pretend to write a clinical analysis of movie-making.  I will simply say I have seen this movie twice (and plan to see it again, nearly unheard of in my case) and both times was fully enveloped in this fascinating, beautifully told story.  That editing and departure from the novel occurred in some points is no surprise (just 2 hours), but the essence of the story remains, the victory of good over evil.  Tremendous movie.
 So much better than any movie I have seen lately.  I had never read the book or seen the movie and I just loved it.  It captured my imagination and the acting was so believable.  Jim C. was the Count.  I want to see it again and again.
 This is a wonderful movie. I bought this for my Mom she just loves it! The process was extreamly fast and hastle free at Amazon.
 This is a well done movie of my favourite story to date.  There's some time spent in France and then it's around the world in a tale that makes me shiver even now.  Although the book of the same title by Alexander Dumus was where they got the name and stuff the story does come out a little better than the book in more ways than one.  This is not an easy story to put on the silver screen and I think personally this version is the first one you should see.  Boy has girl, boy has a friend, boy has his dreams come true... boy doing there... who me Tarzan?  While this movie adeptly manages to come off new and exiting in it's production it still manages to fit in to the scheme of things from Hollywood and even to this day.  Splendid acting by the cast and each stands out as if personally involved in the whole idea of the thing. The sets are over the top.  There are some mansions and country-estates that make my mouth water even if because of the scene requiring dimly lit rooms.
 ACTION,ADVENTURE, INTRIGE, ROMANCE this movie has it all.This is Jim's finest film...he was better in this than the PASSION OF THE CHRIST. I have never read the book, but, I probably will now.  There is no relaxing in this movie has it has a lot of twists. I am amazed that the casting Director could take 3 unknowns and cast them perfectly.  In addition, the young man that played Jim's son must be his brother, cousin,etc in real life because he looks just like him. The end is a little predicatable but very satisfying.
 A very well-done film and an excellent cast.  I'd put it right up with the Three and Four Musketeers movies (York, Reed, Chamberlain, Heston, etc).
 It is one of the best films I have seen and seen and seen. I can't tell you how many times I have watched this movie and still enjoy watching it again. The acting is surperb and the quality of the story is deep, entertaining, and thought provoking. An awesome buy and the purpose of owning is to watch it and watch it again and again if not why not just rent.
 this movie is incredible. very captivating from beginning to end. sensational movie, very well done, and played out. truly stands up to the book, which was beautifully written. a bit of difference, but came out well enough to be a success. the count of monte cristo has so much in it. a young man, innocent, trusting, and in love losses it all in a second because of his suppose friends jelousy. all is taken and all hope seems lost, until he meets a friend, meanwhile his anger and vengance grow. he returns to a whole different world. his only thought is revenge, but so many twists and turns he doesn't even expect what happens to happen. this has innocence, betrayel, cruelty, hardship, vengance, love, and friendship all in one. beautiful story, a hard era, and excellent film. the actors were superb. jim caviezel, a wonderful actor. there's just something about him that makes him very interesting to watch. those eyes just draw you in and his talent, makes him great. he was spectacular in this film. guy pearce, shined his on his own behalf. did it so well that you actually hated him in this movie. all of the actors were great, made it so dramatic, it was believable. nicely done.
 There is nothing bad to say about this movie.  The story, the acting, everything is well done.  I bought it to watch over and over.
 This is a movie that should be included in everyones cinema collection!  The scenes and fantastic cast taps into every emotion.  I was at the edge of my seat for more than one scene!  I will enjoy watching this movie for years to come.
 This is one of the best films I have seen. It's in great shape, I don't remember, but it may have been new. It works perfectly, and I am so lucky to own it.
 The Count of Monte Cristo was one of my most favorite novels during my teenage years. I was skeptical of its yet another remake but decided to give it a try. However, both my husband and I were pleasantly surprised to find a well-directed movie with superior acting by James Caviezel. He's done a splendid job by portraying first the innocence of happy youth and then becoming the embodiment of righteous, yet calculated revenge. I also really enjoyed the fact that the leading characters were not cast by the "bigger names. Save your time and money -skip Moulin Rouge and see this great movie! In my opinion, it deserves more attention and praise from critics and the media than it has gotten so far.
 The first time I watched this movie, my cousin brought it over to my house on a movie night.  when she said what she was bringing to watch, i said "what? the count of who?  never heard of it and immediately assumed that it would be not worth my time.  I was mistaken.  I could not take my eyes off of the movie and spent the next 2 hours enthralled.  if you are wondering whether this is worth the money.....spend it, you'll definately be happy you did.
 Based on the Dumas story, this fabulous adventure about a naive, illiterate young man in 19th century France whose fate embroils him in treachery and vengeance, is well written with wit and intelligence, and abridges a complex plot into a cohesive 131 minute film. The location cinematography in Malta and Ireland is spectacular, though my one and only complaint about this film is that occasionally some of the indoor sequences tend to be a little murky. The soundtrack by Edward Shearmur is also top-notch, and adds a lot to the film. The cast
 This is, by far, the best rendition for the big screen of the novel by Dumas (although it's not 100% close to the book) and, by far, one of the best movies in recent years. What other movie do you remember going to, where, at the end, while the titles scroll, a roar of applause comes from the audience? I've lended my DVD to a few skeptic friends and all not only liked the movie, they LOVED IT! Wonderfully acted, with wonderful scenery, this movie truly deserves more credit that it has gotten. STARS hands down!
 the perfect movie great plot exceptional ending must see movie
 Do you remember having to read this story in high school literature? I enjoyed it then and I love it even more now.  The movie graphics are so much better than my imagination.  It has all of the essentials to satisfy both mine and my husbands movie expectations - romance, intrigue, sword fights, action. Definitely a movie to add to your collection.
 This is one of our favorite movies.  We seldom like to see a movie more than twice.  However, this movie was so entertaining (as well as it contained excellent drama, acting, and a well developed plot), that we have viewed it numerous times.  My Teenage kids as well as my younger boys enjoyed the movie.  I did have to re-explain some moral issues & contradictions concerning the implied premarital sex and adultery.  We used the theme of revenge vs forgiveness as a discussion tool. It was also refreshing to see a movie with positive references to God and still be exciting.  We are going to read the book this summer, and We don't expect the book and the movie to be exactly the same.  They are two different expressions.
 I'll admit, I've not read the original source novel on which this is based (the only thing by Dumas I have read, is the classic 'Musketeers'); life is too short to read every great novel, try as one might - but having seen this film, I am determined to seek out the text.   Judging the film on its own terms, I found this immensely satisfying, and though quite long (131 min), it does not drag for a second. The story itself is really quite something, and no matter how many films you have seen, or books you have read, you will be absolutely bowled over (as George Bernard Shaw was) by the breadth, depth, simplicity and universality of it.   There are some minor faults with the film; sometimes the dialogue seems a little stilted (eg. Guy Pearce, an Australian who has mastered a range of accents, seems a little too much of a cookie-cutter villain
 Most of the older style movies really turn me off, but not this one. I really enjoyed it. Too many of the  old  ones try too hard to be dramatic -- kinda like high school actors who have to talk too loud and be too flamboyant. This movie was a pleasant surprise. The actors are really good. The plot is good and keeps you in your seat. Some of the things are a little predictable, but it is hard not to want to make sure that your hopes come true. You can feel yourself cringe and want to shout  don't do this  or  don't do that  or  get'em . The cinematography is very good and appropriate. There are not some of the anachronisms of many other film interpretations. If you watch one  old style  movie per year, this one should be the one you watch this year.
 This movie was truly amazing! Jim Caviezel was excellent as the count, and you loved to hate Guy Pearce as his friend-gone-enemy. The cenimatography was beautiful, and while it was long, you love every minute of it. There are some well done action sequences (with quickened framework that adds to the tension) and the adaptation from the novel (while forced to leave a lot out, obviously...the book is insanely long!)is far better than most works of this sort. It maintains a more comic-book approach to violence and gore (the same as Mask Of Zorro, in that they leave a lot of blood and guts out, so if you're looking for shredded bodies go elsewhere) and it's well worth your while!
 I love, LOVE this movie. I could watch it over and over and over again... I'm so glad I could find it online. Jim plays his role well.
 Like many of us, I slogged through the book during my highschool years. I read the "cheater comic. This picture, although a little off the original storyline is one of the best remakes I have seen. The cast is marvelous and the twists and turns are presented well. The picture falters slightly toward the end but it is a minimal fault. Overall, the DVD is eminently watchable and good fun. The quality is excellent. Amazon seems to consistently present good, quality DVD's at good quality prices. The disc came on time and I was happy to add it to my library.
 Amazing movie. I saw it in a huge tv screen after hooking up my computer in my tv. The quality was amazing and the speed just perfect like a DVD.
 BEST MOVIE EVER. Love the book, love the movie. You can't go wrong with this classic, so I would definitely recommend it!
 I have always loved this movie and now I can see it on the go! The picture quality is awesome! U won't regret gettin this movie
 This is my Gransons Favorite movie and we needed an extra copy cuz our old one was WEARING OUT! Thanks for speedy service too!
 I rented this movie to have a small idea of what it was about because I was monitoring the homework of a 9th. grader tasked with reading the book and answering questions.  It seems to have followed the book fairly closely.  At least I could ask relative questions.  It was well worth the rental fee.
 We were highly entertained. It is a very well made movie with good acting for the most part. Can't go wrong with it.
 I have watched this movie numerous times. I have always enjoyed the overall theme of this movie. I will probably watch it again.
 After attending the release of "The Count of Monte Cristo, a friend made the remark that he believed the movie could benefit from additional fight sequences. Immediately my mind shot back to last year's "The Musketeer, also based (rather loosely, I might add) on another of Alexandre Dumas' famous classics. In that film, character development, story, and tone were sacrificed for the sake of creating yet another movie in which a choreographer of Chinese descent was allowed to make an impression on action aficionados by dazzling them with techniques reminiscent of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.  What a relief that this latest adaptation of a Dumas novel strays from the usual clich&eacute;s and redundancy of bringing a classic work of literature to the screen, coming out as a sturdy, well-guided costume drama that combines action, intensity, passion, and most importantly, revenge. With a script that keeps much of the novel's intricacies intact, a cast befitting of their roles, and a director who keeps things interesting at all times, this is one swashbuckling adventure that pleases in all fields.  The story centers around Edmund Dantes (Jim Caviezel), a sailor from a middle class upbringing in the town of Marseilles. He has a friend, Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce), whose father is a wealthy aristocrat; despite his rich lifestyle, Mondego still harbors a slight jealousy for Dantes, who has just been promoted to captain of his vessel, allowing him the opportunity to marry his longtime love, Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk). Overcome by envy, Mondego concocts a vicious plan with the equally jealous first mate of Dantes' boat that lands a wrongfully accused Dantes in the Chateau d'If for more than a decade. During his years of imprisonment, Dantes' resolve is strengthened by brutal beatings, and by his friendship with fellow prisoner Faria (Richard Harris), who teaches Dantes to read and write, the articulate moves of swordplay, and offers him the location of a long-lost treasure that would give him the means to exact his revenge on those who have wronged him. Faria's death provides Dantes the method of escape he needs, and once out, he begins his quest.  The second half of the movie takes the movie to new heights of interest, as Dantes makes his big entrance in Paris as the Count of Monte Cristo, bent on exacting his revenge on Mondego, now married to a repressed, sullen Mercedes, and on Villefort, the police chief who played a role in his wrongful incarceration. Anyone familiar with revenge plots is well aware that this is a dish best served cold, and many will delight in the cooly calculated revelations and confrontations that arise as Dantes's master plan begins to unfold.  Accompanying this feeling of satisfaction is the movie's wondrous appearance and execution. The look and feel of the film drips with the quality of the swashbuckling adventures of yesteryear, with its themes of vengeance and nobility, it's glorious costumes and set design, and a final showdown that provides a slam-bang finish complete with suspense and fist-clenching thrills. Reynolds, and screenwriter Jay Wolpert, have realized the novel for the screen in a manner that is pleasing to the eye and the mind, keeping in touch with everything that has immortalized Dumas' work without reworking key moments to make room for modern artistic influences. If this weren't enough to please popcorn audiences and literary buffs, the cast is completely remarkable. Jim Caviezel plays Dantes with the conviction of a man wrongfully accused; by the time he escapes prison, we are all for him and his brilliantly conceived plan. His chemistry with leading lady Dagmara Dominczyk is a welcome slice of old-fashioned romance, while his scenes with Guy Pearce provide a nice contrast of nobility and jealousy, which Pearce perfects in his performance as Mondego. Also worthy of noting are the appearances of Richard Harris and Lius Guzman, who provide humorous touches throughout.  More than anything else, this latest big-screen version of "The Count of Monte Cristo is a wonderful popcorn adventure replete with everything you could possibly ask for in a film of this sort. Overall, it remains faithful enough to its source, and keeps us enlightened and entertained throughout its well-acted, well-directed, well-executed duration. Count on revenge, and then some.
 In this time of fire and explosion oriented blockbuster movies it is indeed refreshing to find a remake of a classic novel of the quality of The Count of Monte Cristo currently available.  I happened to nonchalantly choose this film at the DVD outlet as a source of viewing background for an evening of desk work.  WRONG!  This superbly made film of the Dumas' novel is excellent and gripping on every level.  The quality of the film, shot in Ireland and Malta, is visually stunning, the story remains true to the original, and the cast is outstanding.  James Caviezel makes a star turn in the title role, aided by the always excellent Guy Pearce, the veteran Richard Harris, the here venomous James Frain, a fine and very different role for Luis Guzman, and the elegantly beautiful Dagmara Domincyzk.  The movie is beautifully paced, the long prison scenes allow Caviezel and Harris to create tremendous rapport, and the age old theme of REVENGE has rarely been played out so well.  This is a beautiful period piece, finely photographed and scored and edited and directed.  For a taste of just how exciting the old tales can be visually, treat yourself to an evening with The Count!
 Like the previous reviewer, I too was fortunate enough to catch this last Tuesday at a sneak preview in NY.  This was simply magnificent in every possible way. The acting, script, cinematography were stunning.  I just want to say something
 I have read the (unabridged) Count of Monte Christo book at least 4 times and can quote many of the scenes and dialogue. However I am not a literalist when it comes to Hollywood, because movies are not a literary medium. The best we can hope is that Hollywood captures the essence of the book, which I believe the makers of the Count of Monte Christo have done - and done very well.  While I agree that it is not a faithful retelling of Dumas' original, it is a fine film that captures the heart of Dumas' message
 This is definetly not Dumas Count of Monte Cristo. It doesn't follow the book close at times and is far fetched from it at others. It is however a great movie and a great way to introduce this young generation to Dumas. The Count of Monte Cristo tells the tale of Edmund Dantes. A man that is imprisoned for a crime by his best friend Fernand Mondego that he did not commit. He spends 13 years in jail at the Chateau'If.(thats not how you spell it but it's close enough for me) It's there that Edmund meets a fellow prisonman that trains him in literature, economics, and swordplay. Dantes gets out of jail then goes a spree for revenge to get the men who put him jail. This is a great story of revenge. Jim Cavaziel is perfects as Dantes. He does a great job. He has a swagger and plays Edmund great when he poor and when he's rich. He shows his abilities as a good actor because of the different levels to the character. I'm really impressed with him and hope to see him more in the future. Guy Pearce is good as Fernadn Mondego. I was first impressed with Pearce in L.A. Confidential. It's good to see him finally showing his acting abilities again. He plays a great bad guy. You can't stand his character and that's because Pearce plays him so good. This is an awesome tail of revenge. If your a diehard Dumas fan you won't like this. I'd reccommend the Richard Chamberlin version for you. However if you like a fast paced tail of revenge full of swashbuckling this is the film for you. It's a great action film that reminds us why we go to the movies
 Jim Caviezel was great in this movie. Guy Pearce also played a great role. The new Superman Henry Cavill plays Albert Mondego the son of of The Count.
 I purchased this dvd for two reasons.  One , I've read the book many times, and it is a classic. I have seen many of the other productions, and I wanted too see how this one compared.  Two, I am a BIG fan of Jim Caviezel, and wanted to see his portrayal of the Count.  I was not disappointed on either count! It was timely and acting very well done.  I had seen this when it first came out, but seeing Person of Interest every week, I decided to buy the Count.  Great dvd for a fan!
 Amazing movie about love & deception. If you are in to suspense movies, definitely check this one out. Really great film.
 great movie and purchasing it was so easy. I received my order in just a couple of days.  Highly satisfied.
 I really recommend this movie, I think is one of the best movies ever, I can't get tired of watched. I just love it!!!!
 Wow! LOVED THIS MOVIE!! Only have this version with James Caviezel.  The acting that James had to partake, one day being Edmond Dantes, the next being ED in Chateau d'If then, then Counte Monte Cristo then again to ED in the prison...amazing how he kept his composure back and forth during the shoot.  Will watch only knows how many times. The book maybe better but that goes into great detail where as a movie can only be so long. Oh well, I will be happy with this DVD.  Too bad DVD's dont always want to add the bleeps and blunders.  Get to seee the seriousness or goofball side of an actor.
 I received a copy of this for my birthday, and I love it. This copy is great. The colors seem much more vivid and the sound much better. I think I could watch this over and over but never grow tired of it.  Some people have complained about the movie because it doesn't follow the book close enough. I agree that it doesn't follow the book closely, but that shouldn't detract from one's love for the movie. The full book is 1100 pages. It would be impossible to put that into a single movie. They would have to make it 3 separate films like Atlas Shrugged is being done.  This one is totally worth it.
 This must be the greatest revenge movie ever; despite the somewhat goofy cast and seeing it countless times never fails to bring on the tears. This is absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time. I am forever a fan of Alexandre Dumas's most infamous work.
 This is a very good DVD, romantic and somewhat historical. It takes place around the time of Napolean's exile. I have watched this many times and have shared it with teenagers, who also love it.
 I love this movie! When I couldn't find it in my local stores and needed it right now I was able to get it for a reasonable price(was a birthday present to myself). I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a solid, action-packed experience!
 What is so wrong with making a movie and changing the story or plot a little.  As if Dumas' books are sacred writ...so many struggle to find any value in an adaptation.  If you ask me this movie was far more entertaining than either the book or any of the earlier films of the same title.  I enjoy a great rewrite.
 The service was fast and the dvd is new as I ordered it. So I am a very satisfied customer. I ordered the count of monte christ dvd.
 Great movie!  Enjoyable to watch and see how cleverly the hero exacts his revenge.  Not as good as the book but similar.  Well made, great acting, one you can watch again and again!
 I really enjoyed this movie. Does not follow the book really, but thats ok because I felt the movie was better. Overall, very enjoyable.
 While this movie defers from the book it is an amazing modern rendition of a classic novel. Good actors, costumes, and a good director bring this movie together into what I believe is one of the best versions of "The Count of Monte Cristo to date.
 This is a great movie with a little of everything. When one friend betrays another, it sends the main character life in a downward spiral. It is only at his lowest that someone comes and gives him the strength and intelligence that he so needs to plot his revenge on his betraying friend, whom he finds out married his to-be wife. If you are looking for a great movie to watch this would be it. 10 out of 10.
 DVD was delivered very fast, and was in perfect condition. Thank you for a great transaction. Would highly reccomend to everyone.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is one of the my favorite books. This movie is now one of my favorites. I highly recommend it to everyone!
 This was the first movie I viewed with Jim Caveizel acting. I thoroughly enjoyed the plot, writing, and acting. It is an excellent story of redemption and justice. It has long been a favorite with our Family!
 Such a good story, I bought the book and dvd for my husband for christmas and he is really enjoying both!
 This is a great movie if you are looking for action and adventure. Has great actors and a great storyline.
 This is a great movie. My wife watches it over and over, about 7 times now.
 This is such a great re-make of the original that starred the late "Tony Curtis".  I love this movie.
 The movie is excellent in all respects; however, the company, MovieMars, is not.  First they sent an unusable CD due to it being the wrong Regional area.  Then when I sent it back, at the expense of $5.43 mailing fees, they refused to reimburse me for the postage.  They refunded the original fee for the CD, but not the postage for return fee.  They claimed I should have known what Region I am in and which CD would or would not work on my machine.  Well -- I have been renting, buying, and borrowing CDs for about 15 years and have never had this experience before.  I believe the CD they sent was meant for foreign markets and they should have known which one to send due to my return address.  Anyway -- they were nasty about it, and until I get the postage refunded to my Visa account, I will not be ordering from them, for sure, and probably not from Amazon.  After all, Amazon is the company that is truly in charge here.  Thank you.
 Good movie but ends differently from the book.  Had I not read the book, I would have enjoyed it more.  I bought the VHS used at a very good price.  I was very pleased.
 Action, Adventure & Love.  Great movie for teens and adults.  From rags to riches; good verses evil theme. Revenge is bad and doing what is right is the lesson.  Great acting and a great story!
 The director did a fine job in that he appealed to the 21st century audience.  The action involved and the forgiveness given to his love was not in the original book but I would not have enjoyed the movie unless he allowed for this change.  The original book was a bit morose.
 You can place this in that `far better than I remembered it being' category.  `The Count of Monte Cristo' is fun, exciting, intelligent and suspenseful, far more than I expected it to be and far better than I remembered it.  Having recently indulged in this forgotten gem once again, I'm finding myself kind of giddy.  This movie is fun.  If you are into the classic adventure films like `Swiss Family Robinson' and `Robinson Caruso', this film is right up there and certainly just as engaging.  You know, my initial dislike for this movie was probably plagued by a heavy dose of bias.  My parents lauded it, and so that is usually sparks an initial reaction of discomfort.  I mean, I pride myself on having better cinematic taste than they do, and so when they recommend something to me I'm usually hesitant.  Still, they saw the movie twice in the theater and encouraged me to accompany them on their THIRD trip to the movies.  I begrudgingly accepted the invitation.  Now, mind you, I don't think that Guy Pearce or Jim Caviezel are great actors.  Capable, yes, but no where near `great'.  I think that also clouded my appreciation for this film.  I was also merely sixteen when this film was released, so I kind of have an excuse for judging films with sharp bias.  Still, I did enjoy the film enough to buy it later on a whim and I've watched it several times since then.  Upon my most recent viewing I found the film elevating drastically for me.  The film tells the tale of Edmond Dantes, a middleclass sailor whose friend, the wealthy Fernand Mondego, is surprisingly jealous of Edmond's good fortune.  He has recently been promoted to captain of his vessel and has become engaged to his girlfriend, the ravishing Mercedes.  Spurned on by his jealousy, Fernand betrays his friend, concocting an elaborate and viscous scheme that lands Dantes imprisoned in the torturous Chateau d'If.  While in prison he bonds with a fellow prisoner who teaches him to fight, as well as articulating him, teaching him to read and write and converse as a gentleman.  Then he informs him of a hidden treasure and tells him the location.  Once Edmond finds a means of escape he uses his newfound knowledge to create a disguise, allowing him to exact revenge on the men responsible for his loss of thirteen years in prison.  With ravishing and passionate performances, stunning visual prowess and a sharply constructed script that breathes an air of believability in a premise that is undoubtedly far-fetched, `The Count of Monte Cristo' is nothing short of grade-A entertainment and serves as further proof that first impressions aren't always correct.
 Arrived quickly and excellently packaged. DVD in even better condition than description. Very happy.
 And even though the above quote is not taken from this movie, it did remind me a lot of it as I was watching this film. I could see this movie plenty of times and not get bored of it thanks to its clever script and wonderful acting by all personnel.  You probably know by now what `The Count of Monte Cristo' is all about so I will not bore you with the subject matter of the film. But what I will say is, if you enjoy seeing the enemy get no mercy -not necessarily getting killed- and thriving for vengeance at its best with witty `traps', then there is no exception for you to miss out on this movie.
 Great Movie I recommend to anyone to watch it....original movie, excellent condition..and on time shipping..
 This is a very complex book that encompasses many years.  The movie did a very good job of keying in on the events that allows someone who never read the book to understand the characters, situation and message.  One of mine and my husband's favorites (book and movie).  Laura in Texas
 One of my favorite movies of all time. James Caviezel is excellent in his role as the count. Set on revenge for a serious injustice he ends up with some good fortune that runs his way while in prison. Sets the rest of the movie to plot against the very men that caused his demise. Great Movie!
 We always enjoy seeing this adaptation of the Dumas' book.  The movie flows well and the story (though familiar) is interesting and exciting.  The story, "The Count of Monte Cristo", inspired other great works and movies such as the movie, "The Shawshank Redemption"- one of the best films of all time.  This movie will appeal to all ages.  Great movie.  JR Felisilda Author of the book "Nanay
 having read this book in grade school, it made a huge impression on me... so how great to find this film three decades later and share with my daughter. thought the execution was fantastic, and the departures from the script did not bother me, though i do plan to grab a copy of the book and re-read it.  highly recommended.
 I realize that this movie is different than the book. I have read the book and I loved it.  However, that being said, this movie, standing alone, is AMAZING. I cannot complain. Every time I watch it, reading is the last thing from my mind. This has all the elements of a good action movie- a fantastic intrigue, believable and fun characters, lots of exciting twists and turns and action sequences, a solid and sweet romance, revenge, sword fights, smugglers, mercenaries... I could just go on and on.  I have seen this movie so many times and will watch it so many times again. I wish Hollywood could make more movies like THIS one. I rarely get to see a good old-fashioned historical epic that I love like this.  I refuse to dislike it because it's so different than the book. I think it's an interesting and modern take on a classic story of revenge. I feel the SPIRIT of the novel the entire time I watch the movie, and that's what matters to me.  I just want to say this movie had an EXCELLENT cast and I think that's what helped make the movie so amazing for me. It was the delivery of the lines and the timing of the actors that made it glide so smoothly. I felt like the ACTORS believed the story and were really committed.  In a small but much-needed part, Michael Wincott is perfect in his role as the prison overseer. I love him as an addition to any movie I've seen him in (this role reminded me of his part as Sir Guy in Robin Hood- another amazing part). Of course, Richard Harris as Priest was as perfect as over and very animated! Guy Peace has fun with his role as Fernand- he is so delightfully sarcastic, arrogant and manipulative. Though he played his vulnerable side so well. Luis Guzman and JB Blanc should also get recognized for making this actual revenge plot of this movie happen- they are involved as mercenaries and friends of the count in almost every revenge scene. They are both funny, interesting and believable in their roles. James Caviezel stole my heart away as Edmond... he really played the transition of the character SO well, both in emotions and in the age of the character. I could hardly recognize Edmond as the Count from Edmond the innocent youth. Also, Dagmara Dominczyk was fantastic, though admittedly, I know little about her. I must say, she was given a sappy part (she cries in most of her scenes) and she handled that demanding role well! She was beautiful and sweet. James Frain is one of my all-time favorite actors, though he is not a megastar. I simply adore his acting. He plays a gray villain in this movie- not quite a total bad guy but certainly has his share of bad deeds. It was fun to see him in this part for sure. At first I was surprised at him being casted for that role, but I just came to love the part.  Give this movie a try and just sit back and enjoy. The plot is solid and just complex enough. The acting is superb. It is not a perfect recreation of the original novel but it IS a perfect capture of the IDEA of the novel. Revenge was never so sweet!
 My order was shipped so quickly, it was great. I received the movie with no complications which is not always true when ordering things off the internet.
 This movie is a classic - the perfect combination of action/adventure, intrigue, and romance. It's amazing.
 My brother suggested we watch this.  Normally I don't care for his  movie choices because he loves Star Trek and action films.  WOW, this is a  GREAT MOVIE. I think the only reason anyone would give it less than ten stars 
 This story, written by Alexandre Dumas tells a tale that is as classic and contemporary at the same time as it likely was upon its release as a book in Paris in the 1800s. It is also a tale that almost anyone might find something of value in which to identify. There is innocence, intrigue, revenge, honesty, romance, devotion and narcissism among other personality traits, for good or bad, and clarity around some of the same topics and moral questions experienced by the many vivid characters in this drama. When innocent people go to jail as a result of corruption and a love of materialism, who is to fault? As sophisticated as life was in Paris at the time for people of means, it was rife with corruption.  The movie is excellently scripted, wonderfully acted, and truth is, I just can't watch it enough! Everytime I watch it I get something or see something else in the story that hadn't emerged in my mind earlier. Of course, there are several parts of the film that are my favorite-- if you'd care to know one
 I really  appreciated this film on the second viewing. Afterwards, I thought, "Wow, that was really a satisfying, great film to watch. Satisfying, of course, to see the typical good guy-gets-revenge tale enacted out but also a film which provided some beautiful scenery and photography all the way through.  Boy, I hope this comes out on Blu-Ray some day.  Acting-wise, the most fun to watch was Richard Harris as "Priest, the longtime prisoner who tutors young Jim Caviezel, the man (Edmond Dantes) unjustly imprisoned who exacts his revenge in the last hour of the movie. Harris had some of the best lines in the movie, several very profound statements. Ironic that he would be giving Caviezel - who two years later was playing Jesus in "The Passion Of The Christ - sermons about believing in God! That's the acting profession; one film you play an  atheist, the next you are Jesus!  For those who might think the first 30-40 minutes of this movie are a bit slow, stay with it as the action picks up once Caviezel escapes from the prison. Shortly afterward, he is aided by the other character I found most fun to watch, played by Luis Gusman, who still sounds like he's more at home in the streets of New York but, once again, you suspend belief and just go along for the ride.  Strange how our human nature makes revenge so sweet when forgiveness is the right thing to do, but Hollywood has always capitalized on this human failing, making enjoyable films like this. To be fair, it isn't just revenge, as this film points out, it's "justice we all like to see. In here, the two words are interchanged, depending upon one's rationalizations.
 This movie is top notch. The acting and filming is excellent, as is the story line. It conveys a message of hope, eventual justice, the futility of grudge-bearing and the merits of generousity. The action is attention holding and the movie has no dull spots. I watch it on average once per month.
 One of the best Movies I have seen in many years. Jim Caviezal will become a national treasure. Up there with Morgan Freeman,Hoffman,Redford etc. If you want to see a great movie and one to add to a collection this is it.  Brian  cleveland ohio.
 This is one of my favorite versions of the count of Monte-Cristo! I just love (James Caviezel) as Edmund Dantes; he is a beautiful, handsome man! If you love hidden treasure, pirates and seaman, and adventure, and romance, then this movie is just for you!  I highly recommend this movie, it is a story about a poor, innocent and handsome seaman, who gets charged with a crime that he did not commit! His rich best friend Mondego, betrays Edmund, with the help of Dangler(the ships first mate) they are very jealous of Edmund.   Villefort, a powerful and deceitful man joins forces with Mondego, and puts Edmund in prison, and charges Edmund with crimes that he did not commit! Mondego ends up marrying Edmunds sweetheart(Mercedes), while Edmund is in prison.  After several years in prison, Edmund becomes bitter and seeks revenge, and with the help of a fellow prisoner (Richard Harris-the priest), Edmund learns how to read and gets a education and learns how to sword fight! The priest helps Edmund escape, and gives him a hidden treasure.  Then Edmund is rich and free! And seeks revenge! I just loved this movie, a definite must see movie!
 It was so easy to buy the DVD I was looking for, The Count of Monte Cristo, on Amazon.com!  Even ColumbiaHouse did not have it!  I entered a search, got instant results, looked at the reviews, chose a seller and ordered a used but "like new", DVD. It arrived in just days and was in perfect condition!  I'm very happy with the seller and with Amazoncom!
 This Buena Vista film version (spoken in English) of the Count of Monte Cristo is a very fast-paced DVD version of Alexander Dumas's novel of the same title. James Caviezel and Guy Pearce's performes are both well-performed.  I could imagine James Caviezel as the Count of Monte Cristo as pictured in Dumas's novel. The remainder of the characters also fitted their roles well, especially Danglars, Villefort, and Mondego.  It is true that this film version is meant to display acting, especially plot sequence. It therefore does not allow the characters time to develop the way that Dumas's book did. However, this film does present most of the major aspects of the book that are most important to remember.  The revenge sequence at the end of the film does GREATLY variate from the book. For example, Villefort is arrested, Danglars is also arrested, and Mondego dies in a duel. This is not exactly what a BBC drama afficianado might want to see, but then again, no one has ever accused Buena Vista of attempting to mimic the BBC.  Overall, if you want to watch the book on DVD, I would advise you NOT to purchase this DVD. However, if you are willing to watch a film that is relatively entertaining, with good acting and well-designed sets (yet not altogether loyal to Dumas), than this might be the film version for you.  Otherwise, the Koch Lorber Films French version of the Count of Monte Cristo (1999), starring Gerard Depardieu might serve your purpose better - especially if you know how to converse well in Francais (French).
 This is one of my favorite movies. Granted it was only released four years ago and I've probably seen it 4-5 times. I find, not necessarily in this order, a strong sense of fidelity to the original book. While this may seem faint praise, when you compare it to the disasters of Musketeers and Iron Mask, this film is brilliant.  The movie addresses the intrigue of the time. The Bonapartists, the Republicans, and of course the Star Chamber proceedings absent witnesses and certainly absent justice.  Edmund Dantes is imprisoned not for something he did but for something he knows. And the prosecuutor who sentences him conspires with Dantes' friend to arrange a Hitchcockian 'man on the train' exchange of murder most foul, Villafort sentencing the unknowing Dantes to life or death in Chateau d'Iff, a watery prison-grave and Mondego, lusting after Dantes' bethrothed, Mercedes, to murder his Villafort's father, an embarrassing Bonapartist.  The movie reeks of post revolutionary Paris and you get a palpable sense of the times. Dangerous times, but times when a man of revenge and money might make his way.  We feel for Dantes once he escapes from prison, on the one hand rooting for his victory while on the other, saddened by his consumption of hate. Even Mercedes asks him to relinquish his hate and he tells her, surrounded by wealth, 'it's all I have.'  Caviezel is brilliant as the brooding wronged man, articulate and well trained by his colleague in prison, Father Faria (Richard Harris), with his rage and torture so very close to the surface.  Guy Pearce is excellent as the promiscuous, unscrupulous Mondego, and kudos must be given to Luis Guzman, who is always good, and Harris, who is always brilliant.  You can't miss. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
 This movie is really good. It is a little long, but it is totally worth it. It's exciting, emotional, dramatic, and captivating. Everyone should see this one!
 Director Kevin Reynolds keeps you pleasantly entertained with light humor in the classic story of the Count of Monte Cristo. I look forward to seeing this movie again.
 I must confess that I have not read the book that this movie is based on.  I did enjoy the few Dumas stories I have read, though.  Most people that give this movie a big thumbs down have read the book and, rather unrealistically, expect a perfect translation of a 900+ page book into a film with a run time of just over 2 hours.  Obviously, that's not going to happen.  So I'll just tackle the film itself. The Count of Monte Cristo hit the theaters in early 2002, arriving with all the fanfare of...well, you know when the grocery store gets a new shipment of cereal?  Less than that.  But sometimes the smallest splashes result in the greatest impacts.  The Count of Monte Cristo came out and reminded the few who saw it that a movie can have a great, cohesive story with superior acting and entertain without being either pretentiously arty or exceptionally lowbrow.  As I said, all of the actors are great
 This is the first time I have preferred a movie over the book on which it was based, something I thought would never happen. The movie is only loosely based on the Dumas novel. Some reviewers have complained that the movie is not true to the book. It would be impossible to make it true to the book in a two-hour period. There are so many subplots in the book's 118 chapters that a movie would have to be several hours long to portray it faithfully.  While I loved the book, I actually liked some of the departures from the original storyline. When reading the book I wanted to sympathize with Edmond but found it harder as the story went on. In the book Edmond in the end is a rather unlikable, arrogant character (despite the good he does). In the movie he regains the decency he had before his imprisonment. In the book he abandons Mercedes to a life of loneliness despite her obvious love for him and settles down with a girl young enough to be his daughter. In the movie he reunites with Mercedes. In the book he harms people who were not responsible for what happened to him and doesn't care about consequences until a woman and child end up dead as a result of his behavior. In the movie he metes out justice and harms only the people who deserve it. The movie is a great moral tale, a great struggle between good and evil. In the book the line between good guy and bad guy is blurred, and Edmond becomes, in many ways, no better than Fernand, Danglars and Villefort. By removing the moral ambiguity I feel that the screenwriters have actually improved on what Dumas wrote, which is rare for film adaptations. This appears to be a fairly low budget movie, so be prepared for some imperfections, such as the lack of great background music that I would have expected of a period piece. I also agree with some reviewers that Fernand was miscast. Having said that I still highly recommend buying this movie.
 There is simply no other word to describe the newest visual version of this great classic but Magnificent!  The Count has always been one of my favorite literary characters and he is brought to life -- a true storybook treatment of the original novel.  The scenery, sets, direction, cinematography and every other aspect of this film are beyond comparison with any other movie my husband and I have seen in the past several years.   The movie sweeps the viewer away from the very first moments, incorporating historical characters and events into a story which develops and broadens as the movie progresses.  On the night I saw this film (my birthday -- my choice), I had received a painful shot to ease torn muscle pain in my arm.  My husband and I really debated whether we wanted to go out at all simply because I wasn't in the mood to do anything.  But I had so wanted to see this movie since I first saw the previews that I decided to brave it (we already had a sitter lined up too).  By the time the movie was 15 minutes in, I had forgotten the pain, relaxed back in my seat and was totally enthralled.   We are very picky about the movies we go to see and have not been overly impressed of late with the selections available.  We would usually rather stay home and watch one of our 2000+ VHS tapes or growing collection of DVDs.  This film was so incredible, we went back 11 days later and saw it again (something we never do except occasionally with Star Trek movies).  I recommend this movie for anyone who likes romance, action, adventure, period pieces and tremendous storytelling.
 The movie was very different from the book but it was a very good movie with excellent acting. It was worth watching.
 This is a wonderful retelling of Dumas' Count of Monte Cristo. James Caviezel plays a wonderful Edmund Dantes, and a mysterious Count Of Monte Cristo.
 This is one of my favorite movies!  That's why I bought it.
 A movie worth watching numerous times.  An excellent cast which contributes complexity and depth to this historical fiction classic.  The movie excels at various levels.  It will remain as one of our family's all time favorites.  Everyone we have shown the movie to, in turn, snatches my movie and shows the movie to others.  I have purchased additional copies.  Appropriate for various audiences.  Tasteful and timely humor.  Not one expletive.  Eloquently executed.  Exciting and satisfying resolution.
 This is one of the best revenge movies I have ever seen.  If you never see a movie again except for this one, you will be just fine.  Good Plot, Great Action, and a story to die for.
 We've seen many of these revenge movies and the COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is a compilation of them all. Oh, and throw in a little of the illiterate and naive country bumpkin who becomes educated by the kindly older gentleman during an undeserved incarceration and we have a great film. This movie is reminiscent of Zorro, Pirates of the Caribbean and all the good swashbucklers that we have come to enjoy. James Caviezel does an outstanding job of playing Edmund Dantes, the honorable and kindly young man who is wrongfully accused of treason by his jealous best friend.  Abb' Faria (the delightful Richard Harris), another prisoner befriends Dantes during the thirteen years he is imprisoned.  This priest not only educates Dante, but also gives him a map to a great treasure. When Dantes escapes he finds the treasure and then begins his quest of retaliation against those who betrayed him. We all like vengeance movies where the 'bad guy' gets theirs and MONTE CRISTO is one of the best! The scenery, costumes and acting are all top notch and the little love story is also highly enjoyable.
 I absolutely loved this movie! The music, the story, everything.  Of course, James Caviezel was gorgeous. And, Guy Pearce was a real looker too. Movies are so much fun when there is a bad guy who is just rotten to the core. Don't you just love when there is a villain you can just hate and enjoy hating? Each bad guy got what he deserved, and they got it good! The humor was priceless. This is a flawless movie. So, it's not the original. BIG DEAL! He got the women, the kid, and some sweet revenge. If that doesn't make a good movie I don't know what does. The original didn't have any of that. Did I mention that the action was delicious? And, that sword fight at the end was quite enjoyable. All I can say is if you haven't seen this one you don't know what you're missing!
 Many reviewers have commented on the movie so I'd like to focus exclusively on the features of the DVD. So many times you you get a DVD and the  extras  consist of the trailer and the choice of sub-titles.  Other times you luck out and get what appears to be cool behind-the-scenes documentaries.  What you get, in fact, are hammy interviews with the cast and crew as they go about their business of making the movie.  And most of the explanations of the more technical aspects are as about as in-depth as you'd get on Entertainment Tonight.   There are exceptions, of course, such as the first Matrix which offered details about how they created the special effects in the movie.  But it seems these kinds of extras are the exception and not the rule. The Count of Monte Cristo is a pleasant surprise because it truly offers interesting background information that a fan of the movie would want to watch.   A discussion with the screenwriter as to how and why he adapted the script from the original Dumas book was very interesting.  And the short bio on Dumas was a nice surpise.  And unlike other DVDs, this one offers not only deleted scenes, but also commentary about why those scenes were deleted.  Perhaps the only mundane portion of the extras was the  layer-by-layer  audio design segment which took a specific scene of the movie and split the sound into dialogue, sound effects, and music.  But even then, this would be of interest to people who want to learn more about how movies are made. This is a DVD for people who want to know more about the movie and its subject.  I only wish other DVDs were as good as this one.
 Perhaps one of the best novels ever written, the Count of Monte Cristo is a story of an innocent man that seeks to revenge his wrongful imprisonment.  Dumas brilliantly confronts themes pertaining to nearly all facets of human existence including that of justice, revenge, love, friendship, greed, jealousy, etc.   Despite its vivid detail and striking character development, the novel reads rather easily and quickly.  This story has been the inspiration of many great movies, most notably, that of The Shawshank Redemption (1994).   Truly a classic and a must read.
 I never heard of this movie until someone mentioned he was named after the Dumas character in this novel.  I haven't watched the 1934 version but I have the TV miniseries with Gerard Depardieu [in French with English subtitles] and this latest version.  Of the two, the movie was definitely a notch above [both due to the choice of actor and the screenplay adaptation].  I just wished I watched it with the someone beside me!
 If you have read this classic tale by Alex Dumas, you won't be disappointed! This is a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up until the very end! It will exceed your expectations, I promise you! Jim Caviezel makes a great Dantes and Pearce's dialogue is truly amazing. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I read the novel this summer, in anticipation for the release of this movie and after watching the film, I realized that the movie can stand on its own merits.  At times, however, my knowledge of the novel did cloud my perspective of the film, but the quality of the acting, the scenery, and the storyline is much higher than the majority of Hollywood films.  I strongly recommend both the film and the book. Yes, there is liberty taken in adapting the classic book to the screen, but you simply cannot portray the complexity of the novel in a 2-hour time frame. This is a great movie, and Dumas' classic novel is a great book. No question about it.
 Never heard of this movie until my husband brought it home.  It was wonderful!  Thoroughly enjoyable this tale of a wronged man who takes sweet revenge on his enemies, while reigniting a lost love. Why have I never heard of this film before? Surely the lead should have been nominated for an Oscar.  This film was a little violent, but can be enjoyed by the entire family.  A true gem.
 I wrote a review for this DVD, but it never got posted for some reason.  I gave it one star because I was under the impression that this was going to be released in FULLSCREEN only.  At least, that's what was listed on this page.  But now, I look on this page and it says WIDESCREEN format.  YES!  PHEW!  Okay, now I WILL buy this movie, because  it is an excellent one.  And looking at the special features listed, the DVD itself looks promising. I will most likely write another review once I get the DVD and am able to explore the special features.  Just wanted to say how glad I am to find out that the whole FULLSCREEN situation was a terrible mix up.  I just hope that THIS isn't another typo.
 "The Count of Monte Cristo is a lavish adaptation of the 1845 Alexander Dumas novel. The film stars Jim Caviezel as Dantes, a sailor framed for treason by his supposed best friend, Fernand (Guy Pearce). But why would anyone frame his best friend for treason? Well, poverty stricken Dantes has something rich and powerful Fernand does not; love. Fernand wants Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk); Dantes true love, for himself. Thus, Fernand concocts an evil setup, framing Dantes for treason. Dantes is then imprisoned on the cruel island prison of Chateau D'lf for 13 years, where he transforms from a lighthearted sailor to a bitter and angry man. While at Chateau D'lf, he plots revenge against those who betrayed him. Richard Harris also puts forth a quality performance as Abb&eacute; Faria, another innocent prisoner. With the help of this strange old man, Dantes escapes the island and transforms himself into the wealthy Count of Monte Cristo after following an old treasure map to a load of treasure on the island of Monte Cristo (thus the "Count of Monte Cristo). Becoming rich and powerful is the first step in Dantes revenge. "The Count of Monte Cristo is such an enjoyable film mainly because of the sweet satisfaction involved in watching Dantes execute his revenge on Fernand. Revenge is always an exciting thing to watch! The audience is able to identify with Dantes and sympathize with him. You may even find yourself becoming as obsessed over exacting revenge as Dantes! My point is; you are really drawn into the story, more so that any film in recent memory. "The Count of Monte Cristo brings in some intriguing aspects of Dantes personality about midway through the film. When Dantes returns as The Count of Monte Cristo, he sees that he could have a perfect life if he wanted to. His love, Mercedes, still wants to be with him and he now has all the money he could ever need. Yet Dantes pushes it all away. He must complete his revenge. It has now become clear that Dantes has become obsessed and can no longer look at the world in a rational way. It's really quite painful to see what Dantes has become. "The Count of Monte Cristo boasts an intelligent screenplay, lavish sets and costumes, breathtaking cinematography, superb action sequences, beautiful music, superb directing and stellar acting.
 I was blown away by the incredible adaptation of a familiar tale.  Jim Caveziel was hauntingly sensitive, only to turn fearfully vengeful.  His nemesis, and former best friend, Guy Pearce, hinted at a carefully concealed malice before indulging in a fearsome betrayal.  Everything in this film works. The sword play in this Alexandre Dumas swashbuckler is awesome.  The sets, the costumes, all combine to seduce the viewer.  Furthermore, the DVD extras are excellent, both informative and entertaining.  I can remember Richard Chamberlain's Count from the 70's, I believe, and I did not expect to ever see a better one.  But I was wrong.  This film is better.  A definite must-see,which I somehow missed when it was released.
 I recently watched this show at the movie theater that gets all the movies later and charges [a cheaper rate] to watch them.  Well, because of that, I just recently saw this movie.  In fact, I saw it the day before I watched Star Wars Episode II, and a bit after seeing Harry Potter, and Spiderman.  Well, of all these films, The Count of Monte Cristo was the best!  Funny how my original expectations kept me from watching it as a new release...  Highly recommended!
 i would just like to say wake up it is a movie. even though it does not go along with the book it is still a good one.  who cares about it matching the book. alot of movies don't match the book. and movies that match the book are not exciting any way you already know what is going to happen yea!!! if you know already why do you need to see a movie about it. get over yourselves.  i personally think that this movie had a great ending and not to mention some really hot guys.  watch a movie to watch a new good movie not to watch a redo of an old book.
 I have used the DVD  The Counte Of Monte Cristo  in religion class to give the teenage students a deeper understanding about 'Sins' and 'Virtues'. The character of Fernand Mondego is an example of a sinful man who is filled with
 This is a great if somewhat inaccurate rendition of the book by Alexander Dumas. The disc arrived in the condition described and very quickly. I am happy.
 This was a gift to my boss. A favorite movie but he & his spouse could not find their copy. They would reach for the movie & find an empty case. Ever happen to you? They were both thrilled to get the video. I was happy that it came perfectly on time for the Christmas holiday.
 I love, love, love this movie!  The acting is superb, especially the relationship between Edmond and the priest.  This movie has it all - romance, friendship, family, betrayal, murder, prison, escape, love, poverty, wealth, etc.  I've watched this at least 20 times and will watch it again someday soon.
 I'll start off by saying that the book is one of my all-time favorites and is well worth the read.  But don't expect the movie to exactly copy the book.  The book contains far too much detail and plot turns to allow it all into a movie that could be viewed in one sitting, so why even bother to try?  The movie starts with the same premise as the book, it veers off into a new and refreshing direction.  While it retains the same flavor, it differs in many of the details.  The result is a wonderful story, optimized for the screen, that keeps those who know the story well very entertained and not quite sure what's coming next.  Jim Caviezel's performance in this movie is excellence in acting.  He displays the misery and agony well when needed, then moves onto a focused, calculated and emotionally-repressed Count.  Excellent acting in one of the most difficult roles imaginable - right up his alley.  Luis Guzman's Jacapo makes the movie.  The role of the character in the movie does an excellent job of helping to "explain the Count efficiently.  Nearly each line that comes from Guzman's mouth is memorable - the quality of his performance alone would have overwhelmed many lesser movies.  The action, effects, score and other items that you'd expect from Hollywood are all there - in sufficient quantity without overwhelming the viewer.  It definitely should have swept the awards in 2002!!
 This is a beautifully done rendition of the classic. This screen adaptation is better I think than the novel. The screen version has a more cohesive plot and it has a happier ending.  It is a great family movie despite the sword fights and other intense scenes of violence. There is a lot of humor and romance but there are serious lessons taught as well without being preachy. My children range from age 10 to 17 and they all love it and quote from it all the time. This recent purchase was a gift. We have gifted several copies. It is one of our favorite movies.
 This film has the eye candy of it's era along with the "easy on the eyes Jim Caviezel! This man can not only act but wow can he reach down into your very being to touch you with his roles. I saw him in the movies; Frequency and Angel Eyes before this and he just keeps getting better!! He is a ladies heart throb and man's man all rolled into one. My husband took me to see this and also found this film to be a truly entertaining film from a man's point of view.
 item ordered was in excellent condition and sent within time specified.  Very satisfied
 A timeless masterpiece! A great story with terrific actors, brilliant dialogue in a beautiful location. Both Dantes (Jim Caviezel) as well as his evil friend, Mondego (Guy Pearce) were outstanding. Also the close relationship between Dantes and the Priest (Richard Harris) so touching. And who could forget Jacopo (Luis Guzman)?! Everyone I have shown this film to  (young to old) love it. You will not be disappointed!
 The movie came in quicker than I expected and I am very pleased with the results
 Best movies I have purchased.... betrayal, deception and the power of love.... wow worth the cost ***********
 Cool action movie.  The ultimate revenge.  After wrongly suffering 11 years imprisoned, Caveziel plans retribution for his alledged best friend whose jealousy forces him too far.  Some elements are unbelievable...an old priest teaching sword fighting, a lucky treasure map leading to abundant riches, everything falling into place perfectly, but who cares...it was a lot of fun and great to see the count win out over his jealous nemesis.
 An excellent movie. Exceptional performances by entire cast especially Caviezel and Richard Harris. Intriging and moving. Have watched it several times.
 I owned this DVD from the time it came out, but finally just got around to watching it. I was interested to see more films with James Caviezel after watching  THE PASSION . I am go glad to have finally taken the time to see it. The DVD was great and this is definitely one that I'm glad to have in my very extensive collection!!! If you haven't taken the time to see this before now, then by ALL means, do so! You will not regret it, and I guanrantee the time will fly!!
 Just watched a screening of Count of Monte Cristo and I thought it was an excellent movie! It had all the ingredients--suspense, action and romance! The acting was quite good too, especially Jim Caviezel, who played the Count of Monte Cristo. It was very entertaining at all levels.  I actually felt that I would pay to watch the movie again at the theatres.  It was fast paced and not slow going at all. Jim Caviezel was just excellent in the role of Edmond Dantes (Count of Monte Cristo).  I myself could not image another person playing him.  Guy Pearce was a formidable villian.  Henry Caville was excellent as the son of Fernand, Albert, as was Dagmara Dominiczyk, who played Mercedes, the finance of Dantes.  The scenary was breathtaking and Caviezel's grand entrance was one of the best parts of the movie, next to his days at the Chateau d'If.  Go watch this movie!!!!!!! Then, read the book after, even though there will be differences, the movie holds on its own, as will the novel.
 I will first adress the book then move on to the movie.  For anyone who has read this book, and i mean the 1462 page book, which is the longest book i have ever read, you would find it much different than the movie. For better or for worse?  The MOVIE has a better STORY in my opinion. Why? Because they improved on the faults of Dumas's since he couldnt finish this book. After reading around 1100 pages and nearing the end, i started to see the book i found so great, start to fade into something just "good". Could it be to Dumas tiring of writing the book? or a demand for an ending, which thus rushed the ending into something flat and not as great as 3/4 of the book was.  If you have the read the unabridged book as i have, you may have been disapointed to find that Characters like Franz and Albert had no real ending stories, whereas Maximilian ends the story and for god knows what reason, Dumas spent so many wasted pages about Franz.  To spend so much time and effort, dumas fell short. If he had added another 3-4 chapters near the end, he could of made the story "Great". (whats another 3-4 chapters to you when its 117 chapters...) Instead he wasted too much time on meaningless pages half way through the book and gives hints about albert being his son but never clarifies it. The ending with Mercedez was rather weak and short (in the book) and so was it with haydee. Not impressed... since a book doesnt need so many pages to make it a great one. Too many Books i prefer over this one.  Now...  The MOVIE, Count of Monte Cristo, excels where the book could not. It gives a better "story overall. It takes all the good parts of the book and compacts it into a couple well good watched hours. Though i do say "hollywood exagerates the prison part of Dantes being whipped, where in the book he is well treated. But thats showbiz for ya. The movie has a better ending in my opinion. It is sad but uplifting, whereas in the book it is sad, sad, sad, like a shakespeare book. ;(  I dont think this Movie gets as much appreciation as it should. The movie is well adapted from the book, unlike so many "book to movie films.  To anyone who has read the entire book and seen this movie and thinks the movie was bad, but the book was good.... You should try and take sometime to appreciate how hard it is to take a book that is 1400 pages long and put it into a 2 hour movie. Love to see you try and make a better movie.  So i will conclude that altough the book was good, the movie was better and Dumas would have been thrilled to know such a good interpertation was put out for the masses to watch, since few have the patience to read the entire book. If you have not seen this movie but have heard of the story before, i would recommend you see this as it is one of the greatest adventure stories of all time.
 This is one of my all time favorite movies. No, I have not read the book yet, but, luckily, that means I can appriciate the movie for what it is, rather than what it is not. This movie was highly entertaining. It has action, drama, supense, romance, and comedy. The acting was very well done (Brownie Points for having Luis Guzman?, Richard Harris, and the Guy with the really awesome voice) and the visuals were spectacular.
 This 2002 film brings the classic novel by Alexandre Dumas to the screen with a swashbuckling intensity that starts at the beginning and never lets up.  It's set in France at the beginning of the 19th Century and tells the tale of a young man, falsely imprisoned because of his friend's betrayal, who escapes and eventually has his revenge.  Of course it's more complicated than that.  There are ups and downs and twists of fate.  There is swordplay and hidden treasures and pirates and secrets unfolded.  And it's all wrapped up in a package that swept me up in the story and held me captive till the end. Jim Caviezel plays Edmond Dantes who has the misfortune to have Fernand Mondego, played by Guy Pearce, as a friend.  When Dantes is betrayed, he is sentenced to an unlimited amount of time in a terrible prison where he lives in solitary confinement and gets whipped once a year.  The years pass, his clothes grow ragged, his hair grows longer and his despondency increases.  Then, one day, another prisoner, Abbe Faria, played by Richard Harris, tunnels his way into Dantes' room.  Abbe Faria is old, but he has hope.  And together they plan their escape.  All they have to do is spend the next eight years digging another tunnel.  In the meantime, Faria teaches his young prot&eacute;g&eacute; to read and write.  He also teaches him to use a sword.  Eventually, as they make their escape, the old man dies, but not before he gives Dantes a map to hidden treasure. The story now takes a different turn because the treasure that is found allows Dantes to become The Count of Monte Cristo, return to his home town and exact revenge on Fernand Mondego, who is now married to Mercedes, played by Dagmara Dominczyk, who was once Dantes' sweetheart.  The acting was excellent, the cinematography outstanding and the story wonderful.  And, because I saw it on DVD, the extras made the experience of watching this film even better.  There's a short history of Alexandre Dumas, who was of Caribbean heritage and one of the most prolific authors of his time.  There's a interview with the screenwriter who talked about the difficulty of adapting this classic and explained exactly why he made certain changes in the story. There's a section that shows the actors learning the art of fencing.  And a section that shows how the sets were built.  These extras were like icing on a cake and certainly enhanced the experience of the film. I loved it.  And highly recommend it.  Especially the DVD version.
 Like the previous reviewer, I too was fortunate enough to catch this last Tuesday at a sneak preview in NY.  This was simply magnificent in every possible way. The acting, script, cinematography were stunning.  I just want to say something
 I love Jim Caviezel in this movie and it's become one of my favorites. It's got drama, a love story, and some action so that you and your spouse can both enjoy it together. I would recommend not allowing young children to watch this movie as it can be violent in spots though. The great thing about this movie is the underlying morals it encompasses. Dantes (played by Jim Caviezel) has every right for revenge for being imprisoned unjustly for 13 years.  Dantes learns an internal strength  and you will feel "gripped as you follow his emotions from sadness, bitterness, anger, shock, and forgiveness as life continues to change for him in varied ways. You will root for Dantes, cry with him,  smile, and feel justified at the ending.
 Being an extremely picky movie critic myself, I feel obligated to provide my own two cents when I find the critics completely wrong.  I usually heed the warnings of critics, and even though the Count of Monte Cristo received mixed to poor reviews, I went ahead and saw it anyway.  This movie was a friendly reminder that if you listen to the critics all the time, you might just miss out on something. This was a great movie.  The two hours flew by, I didn't find a dull moment, and while the humor was a touch on the corny side, I feel it actually benefited the movie.  I'm not saying I didn't have any problems with the movie (slightly melodramatic lead-in to ending) but I came out happy and fulfilled.  I wasn't the only one, either.  The whole audience seemed to laugh, gasp and cheer together, proving that other people besides myself enjoyed the Count of Monte Cristo as well. See it yourself and make up your own mind.
 I was partway through the rantings of another reviewer about how much this movie strayed from a classic.  And how bad this adaptation was.  But you know what?  I don't really care.  I haven't read the book, and I likely won't.  I happen to like the film.  It has a decent plot, good actors and a theme someone simple-minded as myself can understand - "revenge".  How often have we felt cheated in our lives?  How often have we felt that we are the underdogs?  This film shows us that good things will come to those who wait.  That revenge is sweetest when it is well thought out and exacted with a fury. In this story a sailer by the name of Edmond Dantes is wrongfully imprisoned when his best friend Fernand betrays  him in order to steal his wife.  In prison, Edmond is about to lose hope when a fellow inmate teaches him how to read/write/fight and escape from prison.  At his dying breath, he tells Edmond of a buried treasure that he should use to do good.  Edmond, however, has other thoughts in his mind.  Edmond transforms himself into the mysterious and wealthy Count of Monte Cristo.  With systematic planning, he cleverly inserts himself into high society and exacts revenge from his enemies of the past.  His goal is not to kill them, but to humiliate them and let them know what it feels like to have nothing left to live for. ...  The movie was fun to watch, so watch it.
 Over the past several years the works of Alexander Dumas have been continually butchered on the big screen.  Disney's The Three Musketeers was more interested in laughs than in the story, 1998's The Man in the Iron Mask was just a little off and modern to be Dumas, and it would be better to ignore the ignoble film The Musketeer.  Kevin Reynolds' The Count of Monte Cristo perfectly captured the spirit of the Dumas classic.  Jim Caviezal makes a perfect Edmund Dantes while Guy Pearce is the perfect foil as the monster Count Fernand Mondego.  The acting is superb the story of revenge and redemption is excellent and although dark at times, Reynolds keeps the film moving and captures the elaborate Dantes revenge perfectly.  I give this film high marks and it honors the spirit of the Dumas novel perfectly.
 I found the movie to be compelling interesting and totally unlike any other movie ive seen, that is the reason I read the book, I didnt like the book I found it to be very very dry, its stupid to say that you dont like the movie, what did you expect. If your a fan of a book its your job not to like the movie, Thats why I anticipate that both Ender's Game and the Hitchhikers Guide to the galaxy are both going to be terrible. Moral to the story Anticipate the worse that way you wont be disapointed.
 I thought Jim Caviezel was an exceptionally great Count of Mounte Christo. He really comes through in the three arcs of Edmond Dantes, his performance is right on as the wronged and then vengeful yet tormented mysterious stranger who takes high society Paris by storm. I am not sure, going by the Director's commentary, if he was a perfect mesh personality wise to the Director's natural rhythmes ( who has made a steller film in this work) & i am not sure if the Director was totally happy with his lead's way with the character or at least found it a bit baffling at times, but i think it was a great combination and is part of what lift's this film into a longterm charismatic classic.  The other leads and support roles are all just as good, which with interesting sub-plots here and there, never lets go of one's interest in this great unfolding & rather special drama adaption.  The story itself has some pay offs & set-ups that are not as full as they could have been, yet this doesn't take from the film one iota because it has so much else that gives it great depth, from performances, production values and direction, & the right kind of humor balance to splendid emotive beats through out the film.  Great sets, writing, photography, sense of 18th century adventure, plot and intense acting all help draw u in to the drama of romance, skull duggary and revenge. So the film has all the elements woven together in a way which is highly enjoyable, while also containing it's own unique special spark.
 You don't have to cover your kids eyes while watching this movie. And in these times, that is very rare.  The story for this movie is very good. It has a lot of character developement. You watch the star go from a poor, uneducated peasant to a wealthy count, and he uses his wealth to get revenge on those who got him imprisoned in jail for the past 11 years. If you liked Frequency, or The Time Machine (same actors), then you'll enjoy this movie.
 Jim Caviezel I love you.  What one does with money is only a reflection of what's in your heart.  Your true heart came out at the end.  Money is a tool.  Venenge is man's spirtual currency.  Restoration is God's.  In the end, God always wins.  Choose your side wisely.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is one of the best movies of this type (classic literature for the MTV age).  I love it, and I teach high school English.  While it is true that the movie sometimes strays far from the book, it still holds the same ideals of revenge, forgiveness, and faith.  Fabulous!
 This is such a marvelous rendition of Dumas' "The Count of Monte Cristo that even my beloved, but red-necked, son-in-law liked it.  Full of swash and buckle, intrigue and suspense, this movie even has tender love scenes thrown in for the ladies.  Good guys win, bad guys pay, and the lady gets her man. The period piece costuming is well done.  All of the fight scenes are believable with no acrobatics spoiling the credibility.  And when it comes time for the bad guy to get what is coming to him, you are cheering.  It is entertaining while cleverly promoting morals such as education is a virtue, all things come to he who waits, and best of all - vengeance is a dish best served cold!
 This is a great story of the Count of Monte Christo and how he became the count via the betrayal of a close friend and the tutoring of 'the prist' in prison.  Very inspiring movie I would recommend without any reservation.
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE & HAVE ALWAYS  WANTED TO BUY IT.  THE QUALITY OF THE PURCHASE IS GREAT! THANK YOU MRS. LAYOW
 I had been searching for a blu-ray copy of The Count of Monte Cristo and had given up.  Luckily, Amazon sends me messages when their DVDs are on sale.  This last time, there it was!  Thanks, Amazon!
 This movie was better than I had ever expected, well worth the adding to your collection.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is an entertaining film that we saw in the theater and then bought for home viewing.  We like it so much that, when we couldn't locate the VHS tape that we purchased, we bought a DVD copy to replace it.  We enjoy watching it again and again.
 James Caviezel and Guy Pearce bring "The Count of Monte Cristo book to life! This movie is great from beginning to end. I'd been meaning to see it for 3 years now and finally had the chance to watch it last night. The acting, the cinematography, the script, the beautiful Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk), make this movie a top 100 on mine and any other movies fan's list! I could not take my eyes off the screen. I kept wanting to see more and more as i didn't know what would happen next. I guess never having read the book has its advantages lol!!
 A man named Dantes is about to be married to the woman he loves. Only one problem
 Loved Loved Loved this movie!!!!!  I can watch it over and over and over again. With the price of DVDs you need to find movies that you can watch over and over again.
 This is an excellent movie.  Even though it is  a typical Holly Wood production , it didn't mutilate the plot so much you couldn't even recognize the title of it.  Edmond Dantes is protrayed perfectly but Mercedes' actress doesn't look like the real Mercedes.  The film shows every thing that gets the theme of the book across, and the changes made fall into place.  Even though I had my hands clutched in terror during parts of it,  I still laughed and cried.  It was a wonderful movie and the ending is so sweet.  Even though the book's ending was sweet, this one has the 'happily ever after' part added to it. And all the subplots were eliminated, so were many characters so it is much easier to follow.  And even though the film goes by so fast, the actions of the characters results in a lot of development.
 I love this Movie!  Totally Addicted to it!  It actually has a plot that keeps you glued to the screen without machine guns or 5800 unnecessary boob shots! LOL I watch it at least twice a month. This is the way movies should be instead of that junk in the theaters. Jayce
 Edmond Dantes(Jim Caviezel) and his best friend Fernand ( Guy Pierce) are forced to dock ship to save the life of their captain. Napolean will only offer medical assistance if Edmond delivers a letter from Napolean to Versaille. Little does Edmond know that it contains plans to overthrow the king. When Edmond and Fernand return, Edmond is promoted to captain of the ship and becomes engaged to his one true love Mercedes (Dagmara Domincyzk). Fernand becomes jealous of Edmond's life and he also feels betrayed when he manages to find out about the letter. He turns Edmond into the authorities. Now Edmond is branded a traitor to France and sentenced to life imprisonment in the worst prison imaginable. Mercedes is told by the crown prosecutor that Edmond is dead, and she marries Fernand. While inside, Edmond befriends a priest ( Richard Harris) who educates him, teaches him to fight, and lets him know of a treasure of the Island of Monte Cristo. Edmond promises his friend that he will escape and find the treasure. Edmond finally does after 14 years and uses the treasure to become the Count of Monte Cristo. As the count, Edmond plans to gain revenge on Fernand and the Crown Prosecutor (James Frain), as well as win back Mercedes. Count of Monte Cristo has an amazing story of revenge and love, outstanding acting, and thrilling swashbuckling action that will keep you glued to the screen. Jim Caviezel nails the role of Edmond Dantes to perfection. Guy Pierce does an amazing job as Fernand. His treacherous ways make him the perfect villan. Dagmara Domincyzk does a nice job as Mercedes. I also enjoyed James Frain's performance as the Crown Prosecutor. The best performance has to be by Richard Harris. Harris's portrayal of the priest is excellent. The story itself will keep you glued to the screen from beginning to end and the fighting sequences are top notch. The only problem I had with the film, is that the adaptation did not really follow the book at all. However, the film still manages to be enjoyable, and in some instances, it is even better than the book. The supberb acting, thrilling action sequences, and overall story are responsible for making Count of Monte Cristo one of my all time favorite films. The DVD offers outstanding picture and sound quality, as well as some nice special features as well. This is definately a film that I consider a must own.
 I went to this movie because of two reasons
 I never read the book, so this story was entirely new to me. I loved it. Like all movies, there are a few plot holes but the overall feeling and effect of the film are fantastic. The story centers on a young man wrongfully sent to prison after being betrayed by his best friend for the love of his fiance. The man, long thought dead, spends many years in prison where he meets another inmate. This inmate teaches him to read, write, fight, and gives him the location of a great treasure. The scorned man uses this treasure to regain himself a life and seek out revenge on those responsible for his misery and torture. The plot twists and thickens and keeps you entertained throughout.
 This movie is a wonderful work of art. It should have won an Oscar! The movie is set in France with lush backgrounds and a truly incredible story based on the book by Alexander Dumas. Not only is it a terrific tale of love and survival, it is also a feast for the adventure fan. The Count of Monte Cristo is filled with enough swordfights, daring escapes, and backstabbing comrades to satisfy any viewer. I highly recommend this movie.
 JAmes Caviezel was magnificant and Guy Ritchie also.  I have also seen James C play in High Crimes which he was also very good.  This is the 1st movie that I had recognized Guy Ritchie and thought he was great also.
 I ordered this dvd, it came in the mail quickly, it is in perfect condition (no scratches). We have watched it 3 times already!
 Ok this MOVIE is  amazing. Im tired of these people crying and saying its not the book. Yea its not the book its a MOVIE! Get it threw ur heads, all books are diff from movies. Its a great movie about love,betrayl,revange,what else do you need. The acting was great. And if your bored go read the book but if you want to watch a great MOVIE watch this epic.
 This is simply the best film I have seen since May 6,2000 when I sat down to watch Gladiator. It is absolutely amazing and beyond words. I really thought that this movie would be a farce considering the length of the book and the treatment that was done of "The Three Musketeers back in 1993. But I was more than a bit pleasantly surprised at the faithfullness to the text. Yes some things were changed and peripheral characters were left out, however that should be expected since there was no way that the entire contents of a 1091 page book are going to fit into a theatrically realeased movie. The movie is so well done that you don't even care. And trust me I'm a hardcore fan of the COMC, it is one of my top favorite books. The only thing I saw Jim Caviziel in was that Jenifer Lopes flick where he seemed "out of it". For some reason I thought that I would get the same performance in this movie. Not so Caviziel plays Edmond the way I thought that he should be played. First off all as a naive boy, then as the movie progresses you see the anguish he goes through as his innocence has been ripped from him in prison, then to the noble aristocrat with a shimmering rage just underneath the surface. Guy Pearce is excellent as t the perfidious Fernand, and so is James Frain as Villefort. I especially liked Dagmara Dominczyk as Mercedes. She and Caviziel had the most amazing chemistry. It was one of the best and most believable romances I have seen on the big screen. The acting, the sets, the costumes and the excellent sword fights truly make this a delight of the senses. I wish that Hollywood would put this kind of stuff out more often. Please see this film believe me you will NOT be disapointed.
 The Count Of Monte Cristo I went to this movie, expecting to see nothing more than a good adventure movie with decent sword fights. Mind you, I did not know of the story of The Count Of Monte Cristo, however I liked many of Alexander Dumas' other stories. What I received from this movie, was an amazing plot line, great sword fights, over the top performances by the entire cast, and simple humor. I was definitely surprised at how simple the filming techniques were compared to many of Hollywood's other recent films, and this made it only better. Probably the best tale of revenge I have ever experienced, The Count Of Monte Cristo will go down in history as one of my favorite movies. I could not stop smiling the entire time, and man did I really hate Guy Pierce! Final Grade
 "The Count of Monte Cristo is a classic tale of betrayal and revenge (which the novel's author, Alexander Dumas, was inspired to write after reading of an incident, broadly similar in its basic aspects, in an essay written by a French police archivist).  The main character, Edmond Dant&egrave;s, is betrayed and falsely accused of treason, subsequently immured in a bleak and cruel prison, where he makes a fortunate acquaintance in the Abb&eacute; Faria, another wrongly accused prisoner, who eventually provides him with the education (both social and martial) and the financial means to exact revenge upon his accusers following his inevitable escape.  Upon achieving his freedom, Dant&egrave;s falls in with a crew of smugglers (giving him the disreputable, underworld connections that will prove so useful to him later), recovers a literal buried treasure bequeathed him by the Abb&eacute; Faria, and assumes the identity of an Italian nobleman, the titular Count of Monte Cristo, which opens the doors of aristocratic Parisian society, thus giving him access to his targets.  He then plots and carries out the downfall of all his enemies.  His revenge achieved, he then resumes his relationship with the beautiful woman to whom he was engaged prior to his arrest.  (In this last part, the movie departs completely from the novel, but I actually like this better; not only did I always feel sorry for Dumas' Merc&eacute;d&egrave;s, who lost everything, and went off to live out the remainder of a rather broken, lonely life, but the woman with whom Dant&egrave;s eventually finds love, Hayd&eacute;e, always seemed to me a rather pale, colorless character, who serves little purpose in the story, and seems to exist only to provide Dant&egrave;s with a happy ending.)  This is a film which, if memory serves, did moderately well at the box office, but no more than that.  For the life of me, I simply cannot fathom why that is.  Perhaps it's because it didn't have enough "action.  If that is so, it's a terrible commentary on how audiences' expectations have been dumbed down, and whose attention spans have been shortened by a steady diet of simple-minded action movie blockbusters over the past several decades.  Sure there is only one spectacular fight, but the film needs no more than this (and such things were signally lacking in the novel as well, where Edmond Dant&egrave;s achieve his revenge by plotting and intrigue, not by fisticuffs or swordplay).  I don't think the disappointment of ardent fans of the novel can explain why the film didn't enjoy better success, as I doubt that a majority of film goers these days have actually read all of it.  And I might as well mention, at this point, the harshest criticism that usually gets leveled at this film
 One of my favorite movies!  I know Dumas admirers will strongly disagree, however I believe that this is one of the best adaptations ever.  Usually when Hollywood makes significant changes from the book, the results are horrendous.  Remember The Mists of Avalon?  Seriously, the book is great...one of the greatest and with all due respect, the changes made to the movie do enhance the story.  Some may complain about name changes and missing characters but get over it folks, the book is more than a 1000 pages and something had to be left out.  I don't want to give anything away but I felt that the romantic modifications with the Mercedes character actually improved on the Dumas story.  I always felt that he overly abused this character and I was happy to see her treated with more respect in the movie.  Another thing that I (and my wife) liked about this movie is the fact that it is more plot oriented rather than action oriented.  It is not non-stop sword fighting.  There are many interesting subtle plot details that make this movie a keeper, one that can be watched over and over.  I especially enjoyed the section where Dantes has his awakening of sorts with assistance from the Abbe Faria within the prison.  How many of these elements did you catch the first time that you watched it?  Anyway, some people will bash any movie that does not precisely follow the book and really, this is impossible.  Lord of the Rings is probably the most successful and at 10 hours long, there were still parts left out.  Enjoy this movie and don't let the naysayers keep you from watching arguably the best Dumas adaptation yet.
 First of all, let's get one thing out of the way. This film is an adaptation of a novel and as such it adds some new elements and deletes some others. (Note to book-to-film critics
 I happened to catch this movie on television and loved it so much that I had to buy it.  It is a great story of such well-calculated revenge and the perfect example of "what goes around comes around".  Others have complained that the filmmakers took quite a bit of "artistic freedom in adapting the book to the movie format.  I guess I really don't mind that this was done.  Each individual work -- the book and the movie -- can stand alone as a well-crafted, entertaining story.  Many purists disagree, but that's what's great about reviews
 I found this version more satifyling than the one with Richard Chamberline. Although the Caviezel version does not follow the book, the "boy getting the girl in the end offers more satisfaction
 Director Reynolds fashions a handsome, sweeping, exciting epic that keeps his audience glued in place. Pearce's Fernand is so despicably low, we cannot wait for the long-suffering Edmond to wreak vengeance. In this hugely entertaining picture, revenge is a dish served hot, and adventure fans are sure to feel sated by the end. Also, solid family viewing- with older children.
 I have loved to watch this movie from the day it hit the movie theaters.  I now own it and watch it often.
 One of the best movies I've seen.  Makes me feel good every time I watch it.  The good guys win.
 A classic story with great acting. Great adventure. A great lesson in faith, endurance, courage. Maybe a little intense for young kids.
 I just can't understand why everyone hates this movie! Of all the adventure films Iv'e seen (which is a lot, by the way), this is my all-time favorite. Yes I like it better than Return of the King, Mask of Zorro, Pirates of The Carribbean, anything. It is a fun and entertaining swashbuckler set in 1800's France. Here is the story
 Going into the film I expected a good time, watching an okay movie and hanging with some pals. What I got was a good time, hanging with pals and watching an excellent movie! The much-filmed story gets restyled with youthful actors and an interesting script, not to mention the intriguing story. The story I am speaking of is that of Edmond Dantes (played with innocence and then anger by Jim Caviezel) who seems to be riding the high life with a new job as captain and a beautiful fiancee until he is arrested for treason. What Edmond doesn't know (at first) is that he has been set up by his jealous friend Ferdinand (played with evil smarmyness by Guy Pearce). With such high caliber acting and beautiful settings, it's tough not to be completely drawn into this story. I highly recommend that if you're going to the theaters this weekend, that you check this one out.
 When I first saw this movie, I was surfing the limited channels on our television a week or so ahead of the time they would actually come on so that I could catch any that sounded promising. This was one of those. The description sounded good and a few of the actors' names sounded familiar, although I had never seen any of their movies to date.  So, last night when my sister and I had nothing to do, we decided to switch it on. And let me tell you. It was worth it. Though a little confusing at times, I found this movie highly enjoyable. It also made sense, which was good. There seemed to be a reason for everything.  And, okay I'll just say it. One of the main reasons this is such a good movie is because Jim Caviezel was the main character. Like I said, I had never seen any of his movies (and I still haven't exept for this one, of course) so, I was somewhat surprised to see how hot he was. I mean, yes, it did take some time for me to see the full extent of it, but when I did, I couldn't stop talking and thinking about it.  You would think that it was utterly impossible for a man to look hot in all the stages of his life, miserable as it was at times. I mean, he looked hot in every single scene. Especially as the Count.  Basically this is a movie about revenge. Edmund Dontes is in love with this girl named Mercedees, but can't marry her because he is too poor to buy a ring. He is charged with high treason for delivering a letter for someone, and is sent to prison at a horrible place where he stays for 13 years. Meanwhile Mercedees and his best friend, who actually helped frame him, get married. Edmund escapes and finds all this treasure and gets really rich. He then decides to get revenge on everyone who wronged him.  This is a pretty good movie. I wouldn't give it five stars though. Probably about 4.5 or something. But Jim Caviezel helps a bunch. He is a really good actor. I guess you won't know 'til you watch it.
 Americans spend more money than they make and that's the modern trend in today's society.  This stems from the fact that it is so convenient to live this way but it is also a progressive danger to consumers and the economy. The public faces a daily barrage of advertisements for credit cards and lending options and it filters down to everyone in all walks of life.  In 2005 alone, the top 10 credit card companies spent over 2 billion dollars in advertising.  Commercials have been shown to use subtle and creative messages to tap into your subconscious desire to spend money but no attempts are made to educate individuals about any fiscal responsibilities.  The situation is even worse when you realize that many companies have inflated interest rates, they overcharge on late fees, and some often misappropriate confidential consumer information such as you personal credit history.  Looking at the dilemma of this debt crisis begs the question of what is going wrong.  A big element is the fact that rising costs of healthcare, housing, education, and consumer goods hurts so many and credit and lending play a significant part here.  The federal government is another factor that does not favor the consumer and hurts you more than it helps.  Recent bankruptcy reform initiated by President Bush now makes it more difficult for persons to file bankruptcy and recover from financial hardship.  Powerful lobbyists in Washington are very influential in helping to manipulate fiscal policies and financial institutions are the number one contributors to political campaigns.  There really isn't any happy ending in sight to this widespread problem but there is a growing light at the end of the tunnel.  Consumer advocate groups are becoming more prominent nowadays and their attempts at debt education and awareness are steadily working their way into mainstream society.  Any type of help whatsoever is productive and necessary for everyone affected and this keeps the hope alive that we can eventually make significant progress in overcoming our huge dependency on borrowed money and credit.  `In Debt We Trust' really appealed to me because it was quite comprehensive in how much material it covered and because it was presented in an easy to understand and straightforward manner.  For informational and educational purposes, I would seriously recommend this documentary to everyone.
 Every senior in high school and freshmen in college should watch this film! It lays out the important issue of personal finance very clear. At some point, young adults will see how important maintaining good credit, mastering a budget and committing to saving will pay off--for good or for bad.
 Keep up the good work Danny! I hope you do another documentary on this ever expanding problem. Reward cards are something that need looking at more closely. Who is actually paying these "rewards". It's the merchant fees that we all pay for whether we use credit cards or not! Fact is, many people can't use a reward card or simply don't want to deal with greedy credit card co's and their long list of dirty tricks and yet they don't get a discount when they pay cash because everywhere you go, they take credit cards. And that means merchant fees that we all pay in the form of higher prices!  And these card co's have it set up so the merchants can't give a lower price for cash customers! It's outrageous! And I hope you do more about debt buyers. It's insane these co's can buy debt for pennies on the dollar and then pile on more interest.  Interest is supposed to be charged for money borrowed!  Nobody borrowed money from a debt buyer and yet they can charge interest! It doesn't make any sense to put someone in debt further. And last but not least, these predators who flood the mailboxes of the newly bankrupt should not be allowed to send them any mail for at least ten years. That is the amount of time bankruptcy remains on someones credit report. If the newly bankrupt want to get back in the credit card game, then let them find these cos. There should be a law that these co's with their dreadful offers not be allowed to send offers to those who have just gotten out of bankruptcy. Unfortunatly, some will not understand these offers or will be desperate. They are nothing but a trap wrapped in envelopes with seductive message like "we want to help you re establish your credit or "you deserve a second chance". Those who have filed bankruptcy have gotten a second chance and these predators only want a second chance at ripping them off and putting them in debtors prison again! These co's will even extend credit to people living below the poverty line!!
 While on vacation several years ago my wife and I got roped into a timeshare presentation.  At the end, I told the salesman, "We don't have the money for it.  He smiled, saying, "Finance!  Finance vacation?  A house and a car are the only purchases for which one should borrow money.  And I'm not even sure about borrowing for a car as I pay cash for mine, but then, I buy only used models.  The documentary IN DEBT WE TRUST shows just how legal loan-sharking has become in the United States.  Credit card companies and subprime mortgage lenders break Americans who have not already lost their shirts to unemployment and medical bills.  Perhaps no one forces people into the traps of A.P.R.s and A.R.M.s, but this film demonstrates how the creditors hoodwink their victims.  Holding a gun on them would be honest, at least.  IN DEBT WE TRUST includes testimonials from people who should have put off that vacation rather than take a loan for it or kept renting rather than buy a home.  That smiling timeshare salesman may as well have told me, "A place to go on vacation every year?  Priceless.  And what do America's leaders have to say as this consumption culture destroys people's finances? As George W. Bush and Rudy Giuliani said shortly after the 9/11 terror attack, "Go shopping.  Later, Bush would sign a bill limiting Americans' bankruptcy options.  See IN DEBT WE TRUST.
 This powerful program exposed the credit card industry and how with the political power of Congress trap the consumer into what the program produced called "21st century serfdom".  This program was made before the 2008 economic melt-down and it was so true that the country is still on the rocky road despite the government declared recession was over two years ago, as the unemployed max out the 99 weeks of benefits.  As recent as last week, the political leaders of both parties argued in Congress to raise the debt ceiling to borrow more while still accusing others of currency manipulation.  Spend, spend, and spend out of a recession?  Will our kids, grand-kids, great grand-kids inherit this debt which may endanger our status, credit and national security?
 This is clearly a great flick that lets the viewer 'see' how the banks view you the credit consumer.  It really goes into accurate detail on how the finance industry is trying to snare consumers from and young age and create a generation of debt slaves.  They also have a chilling prediction on where all this 'debt' is heading.  I highly recommend this flick.
 This should be shown in all high schools and all colleges. Parents should have to show this to their children (and some should watch themselves.
 I went on a debt reduction program on my own at 42 years old and now at 45 I am debt free. I recommend that you buy this DVD at any price. I also recommend that you don't watch it alone. Let some others benefit from the knowledge of what debt has and is doing to our society. Even if they don't do anything about it at least they will have the education of how the debt system works.
 This docu is as informative as it is depressing but needs to be watched by EVERYONE. You should buy this just for the "indie debt songs sprinkled throught. I love it! Now off to spend w/ my credit card 
 I have been obsessed with Van Gogh, since I first laid eyes on his originals in L.A.. Prints of his work just don't show the awe inspiring life force that emanates from his paintings.  Through the Eyes of Van Gogh is a sensitive and intense work of art in itself. It achieves an externalization of Van Gogh's internal struggles of trying to make a living, trying to relate to others, trying to hold on to his unique vision of art and his brave battle with mental illness, all of which he felt he failed at, at the time of his suicide. I feel this film brilliantly achieves looking through the eyes of Van Gogh, by focusing on his time in the mental hospital with the addition of flashbacks to pivotal points in his life. The writer, who is also the actor who portrays Vincent, has created a portrait of Van Gogh that is as palpable as his paintings.
 Who is Alexander Barnett?  He is the man who wrote, directed and stars in what is arguably the most poignant and profound portrayal of Vincent van Gogh ever put on film. There have been many movie Van Goghs
 A remarkably sincere, honest, HUMAN insight into the pain Van Gogh endured. There's something humble and heartfelt about Alexander Barnett's performance that seems to me to be the most realistic portrayal of Van Gogh I have yet seen.
 Author
 When rich man Cyrus J. Rutherford dies all the heirs show up for the reading of a bizarre will. While Cyrus's unique tomb is constructed, the heirs stay in the house. The will insults the heirs, then claims that some will get vasts amounts while others get cab fare. If Cyrus's body is not interned by his wishes then the heirs will swap places, i.e. those that get the most will now get the least. No one knows who is going to get what, they can only guess...or does someone know? Bela plays the butler who tries to give everyone "poisoned coffee late in the evening, which they all refuse. Jack Haley (The Tin Man) plays an insurance agent who shows up to sell the dead Cyrus a policy, not knowing he is deceased. The guests mistake him for the detective they hired to guard the body.  Of course Bela is not the only seemingly trying to knock off heirs...Then there are those who suspect they are the least of the heirs. They want to steal and hide the body so they can get a greater share. Sweet Carol Dunlap (Jean Parker) is suspected of getting the largest share. Lyle Talbot, who starred in so many Ed Wood films is in this one as well as Dorothy Granger from "Death Valley Days.  The sound track at times indicates this is a "horror film while at other times a comedy. It is far from a horror movie. At one point when someone is killed, the suspects are all gathered into one room, as a real who-dun-it murder mystery, except with the comedy of Jack Haley leading the spoof.  This is an excellent film which has stood the test of time. The jokes are a bit punny. It is not a blockbuster, but one that certainly can be enjoyed and appreciate by a younger generation. My only negative on this film is that the copy I saw could have used some restoration, especially the sound track.
 This was a great film. Jack Halley is comical as usual and Bela Lugos is hilarious even in his tiny role. I love this flick.
 I used to watch The Time Machine in black and white TV when I was little child.  I did not understand what they said because of my deafness.  Now I just loved it in color and even closed-captioned in an excellent condition.  I just prefer to get the closed-captioned video tapes so we could enjoy to watch them.
 My dear, dear friend,  time-lapse photography,  introduced itself to me in  The Time Machine,  and I was forever changed. It showed me worlds I had not seen, at least, not in a fantastical sense. As a boy in the Seventies, I was not able to see this film in the theater, but the impact it made on me was equal to a nuclear explosion. The giddy feeling of following the intrepid time traveller through the ages was like climbing Everest for the first time, or stepping foot on the Moon. That may be hyperbole, but the thrill of seeing a lit candle melt quickly down to the candlestick in seconds was palpable. Electric. Captivating. I absorbed every image, every sound, and I was there with Rod Taylor every step of the way. It was an exhilerating ride, and it's one I highly recommend that you take. I hope that the ride is as thrilling for you as it was for me.
 By today's standards this movie might be weak.  The special effects are  primitive and it is not pushing H. G. Well's point.  Nonetheless, I have  watched this movie everytime it has appeared on t.v.  It has a certain  charm and innocence, not to mention that Rod Taylor derserved more work as  a leading man.  Maybe it is my  guilty pleasure,  but this movie  never grows tiresome. I recommend this movie to any sic-fi fan (and to  everyone else!).
 This film ranks as quite literaly my all time favorite.  It has everything in it
 It was a great book and although this movie is a bit different from the original book, the movie gives us a great look at the view of the future in the 1960's.  Obviously H. G. Well could not imagine a nuclear holocaust to destroy what we know of civilization, but it is a better explanation then what the book gives us and is easier to relate to.  H. G. Wells was trying to show us the downfall of civilization through industrialization, and the movie shows us the modern problem of the 1960's.
 The original short novel by H.G. Wells, "The Time Machine", was not written with movie theatres in mind. Wells' masterpiece is a grim and thoughtful social satire - a genre which works well as a piece of literature, but would really stink as a 2-hour feature film... Only a genius could use this raw material to create a decent sci-fi film
 I watched the remake of the Time Machine and expected it to be awesome.  It wasn't awesome, but it was ok.  The special effects were really cool and all, but the story itself seemed to move too fast.  I then went and rented the original Time Machine.  I liked the original far more than the remake.  The scientist narrarates the whole movie and the story is so much better.  I will admit--the special effects were cheesy, but what can you expect??This movie was made in 1960!!  If you want to see a great movie that has mystery, horror, action, and suspense, this is the one to buy.  I reccommend this highly to everyone!!
 I've become a bit of a skeptic, and even more of a cynic over the years whenever I hear of a major production company doing a remake of an original movie. I've come to realize that 'remakes' rarely live up to the original, except perhaps in special effects (which they often surpass). But special effects does not a classic make, unless that's all you look for in a movie. I have no doubt that the 2002 release of 'The Time Machine' will trounce the original in this department, but everything else being equal, I doubt it will become a classic, as this movie has. Having said that I must say the original 'Time Machine' is perhaps one of my favorite Sci-Fi movies of all time. What makes this movie special is the great attention to plot and characterization, as well as keeping scrupulously to the H.G. Wells novel, both in content and in characterization. By contrast I've heard that the remake was quite revisionary.  Rod Taylor does a splendid job in portraying the inventor with a consciense, the man who must wrestle with questions that have no easy answers. The viewer can sympathize with his predicament of using his invention for the betterment - or detriment - of mankind, no easy task since he is surrounded by friends who can only think in terms of the material.  At the core of this movie is his friendship with David, played splendidly by Alan Young (Mr. Ed). One of the most noticeable things about this film is the commaraderie between these two men, as well as their differences
 Simply one of the most entertaining films of all time.  Great special effects...remember when people built stuff out of real things and had to suspend your disbelief without crappy ass flimsy transparent souless computer graphics?  I'm telling you man, the entrance to the Morlock Caves exists...a truly resourceful ingenius use of special effects for its time!  As a young lad I watched this movie countless times.  Dad's, get this movie for your adolescent son.  He will love it.  I've never seen the remake...I'm sure it sucks for air.  The music is fantastic and is half the experience.  George Pal predicted the moptop haircut with the Eloi actors only a couple years before the British Invasion.  The extras are actually worth watching with an added scene made quite a few years later...highly amusing.  And it's got Mr. Ed's owner in it and he's a superb actor...now c'mon!  Get the credit card out!  And then there's the part when he spins the talking coins and they tell of the recent past.  And  there's the part with the nuclear bomb and the lava and then he sets fire to a Morlock and he explodes and then and then and then....it's awesome.
 What a difference watching this dvd compared to watching it on vhs. The picture is so clear!  Lots of extras at the end. This is a great movie, watch it several times a year and never get tried of it.
 Geroge Pal, with his groundbreaking visual-effects and his eye for detail add a sharpness to this classic telling of H.G. Wells famous story.  Rod Taylor's performance is over-the-top at times (as is he were channeling Charleton Heston at times) but otherwise straight-forward and charming.  The Morlocks vs. The Eloi...Hmmmm.  Interesting stuff.  After taking his time going into the future, first stop in the 40's, second the 60's  and then .... on to 802701.  Civilization is in ancient ruins .... technology seems to have expired.  Here are the Eloi, a group of futuristic nymphs and idiots dressed in skimpy pastel togas singing and staring and giggling like cretins.  Life is simple...as George the Time Traveler learns when one of the pretty little nymphettes starts to drown in the river and no one rushes to her aid.  Enter hero George... he soon discovers that there's something sinister in this braindead paradise...enter the Morlocks.  The Morlocks are a group of critters that used to be human thousands and thousands of years ago but were transformed when they fled the surface of the planet (probably because of the implied nuclear halocaust) to dwell in the darkness.  Glowing eyes, blue-green skin, blond fur running down the top of both arms...these creeps mean business.  A siren starts to wail and the Eloi start marching like mesmerized lemmings to a cliff...into the underground.  For...here's the kicker...the Eloi are the Morlock's food supply.  Can you say cannibalism?  I knew you could.  Overall, this 1960 classic can't be denied its rightful place in film history.  Looking back the effects pale in the light of CGI, but they were more pure back then, more real, and people like George Pal paved the way for the things possible today.  This is a great movie!  Be not afraid...far, far superior to the remake.  Dig it!
 When I first saw this movie I was only 8. I saw it on TV and -due to the TV set-in B & W not it color. However it had a great impact on me because of the incredible and magical special effects. For a small boy years away from the computers enviroment this was the very best movie of all...and it still is.  I wonder why George Pal never become such a great entrepreneur as Walt Disney. Obviously the both had a special gift and used it to bring their imagination close to the public mainly through motion pictures.  And in speaking of pictures, Pal and Disney established their own landmarks, from my point of view, with "The Time Machine and "20,000 Leagues under the Sea respectively.  "The Time Machine may seem outdated compare to the astonishing CGI movies of nowadays but it has something that will keep it on the SCI FI top ranking
 Every viewing of The Time Machine takes me back to the wonders of childhood
 I cannot say how faithful this movie is to the book, however it is an outstanding science fiction movie.  The cinematic techniques available for this movie are not as garish as you might see today, but are nonetheless very effective in supporting the cracking screenplay.  Rod Taylor's potrayal of Wells is spot on and deserving of special note.  The sets are also exceptional with the period furniture and architecture very well done.  It is a classic story well adapted to the screen.  I recommend this movie to all true science fiction and Time travel fans.
 The Time Machine is one of the best science fiction films made and it has always been one of my favorites! The first time I watched this was when I was in the first grade. The movie is about an inventor named George[Rod Taylor] who has greated a time machine and goes on a journey into the year 802701.   The movie starts out when you see David Filby[one of George's friends] walking up to George's house where you see some more of his friends. Then eventually you see George but he's been beaten up because he has gone on a long journey. Then he talks about the story.   In the next part, George is showing his friends the tiny model of his time machine and he want's to proove that time travel really exists. But, when his friends don't believe him he decides to go on the long journey.   Then you see George going through many different time periods into he finally gets to the year 802701. Instead of having a lot of technology it's just an area of grass. There are a group of people there named the Eloi and they obey a group of monsters called morlocks. The morlocks give the Eloi their food, clothing and in the end they take them underground and kill them. So then George meets one of the girls named Weena when she is just about to drown but luckily George saves her. But, soon George gets mad when he finds out that the Eloi don't work very much and they mostly just play, so he goes back to his machine. But, thats when the trouble begins. The morlocks have stolen his machine! They grabbed it and put it in their secret place. So, the only thing left to do is go to the underground area, kill the morlocks, save the eloi and get his machine back and that mostly takes you to the end where George gets his machine back and luckily travels back to his own time.   When George finishes telling them the story they think it is silly but when George shows David the flower that Weena gave to him he starts to change his opinion.   In the end George takes a few books with him and travels back to 802701 to see the eloi again.   The special features include
 If I only had a machine like that...... This movie get your attention and your curiosity. What would you do in the actor's shoes?. I only wish I had a machine like that....... Overall
 I used to watch this movie on ABC afternoon theater after school in the `70s. I always felt it was the best time travel movie. Having seen more recent and modern time travel movies I must admit that this one is still the best. The extras on the DVD are insightful and interesting and the movie itself has never looked better. Any Sci-Fi fan or HG Wells fan will love this movie.
 This movie is very entertaining. An inventor has constructed a time machine in the end of the 19th century. His friends don't believe it's true, even when he shows them a small size model. The last day of the century, he tests the time machine. He makes a first stop in 1917 (It's quite illogic here, that nobody has during all the years, walked up to his laboratory to look for him and found the time machine). He continues his journey through time and experiences the ruin of the civilization from a nuclear bomb. He ends up in about 80,000 years into the future. He finds a new civilization which, at first sight, seems to be a paradise. But he realizes something is wrong. He has to help the people, who are everything but driven to change their situation. The Time Machine is a very good movie. It's a great story, good actors, scenery, and Academy Award winning special effects. The time machine looks really cool.
 I'm presently doing a "life's review in that I'm accumulating old stories for my library that were popular in my days of yore. This version of THE TIME MACHINE fell into that category.
 If you're watching this, then you know what you're getting into. This is one of the top sci-fi/fantasy movies of the era alongside "War of the Worlds, and "The Day The Earth Stood Still.  A terrific yarn, very well acted and (for the time) great special effects. The transfer to DVD brings out the colors and clarity of the movie.  If you're a fan of 50's-60's science fiction/fantasy, then this needs to be in your collection.
 We watched this on Prime, being familiar with the story from a children's book that our kids have.  Given the age of the movie (1960) I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality - the acting, the sets, and the story itself.  Obviously there are a few parts that are comically terrible given what we're accustomed to in sci-fi and CGI today.  But they don't really detract from the overall experience, and the parts that are done well are simply excellent.  Recommended.
 George Pal's 1960 Masterpiece of Sci~Fi/Fantasy is a delight to the eyes and ears. Spectacular colors, costumes,sets and music combine to make the Best Movie in my opinion of this genre of the early 60's. You have time travel,history lessons,girl in distress,and evil monsters.Perfect. Alongside "Forbidden Planet and "Robinson Crusoe On Mars",this is in my Top 3 Favorite Sci~Fi Films ever!
 I heard some bad reviews on the quality of transfer but I thought It was just fine the colors werent as vibrant as the VHS I was replaceing but some people may like the colors more toned down. personally I thought It was well worth the price I paid & liked it better than the remake.
 Others have said it better so I'll keep my review brief. The restoration work on this film is excellent
 If you are H. George Wells, you long to live in a time without war.  Perhaps that is what drives your obsession with time, the devices that measure it, and the desire, above all, to invent a machine that will allow you to zip through the centuries to a more peaceful and saner era. . . .  Tucked away in your solarium, you have crafted such a device.  At first glance, one might think it was a one-man sleigh, with bent brass bars, a red-velvet chair, and a large odd-looking concave copper disk just aft of the traveller's seat.  When the disc spins, the encoding on its rim ( 1 4 2 3 1 4 5 1 etc. ) activates the machine like the prongs on a music box; the faster it spins, the faster it moves through time.  You take a seat.  The controls are simple.  Firstly, you activate the display circuits; the switches are on top of the control cylinder in front of you
 I recently bought this movie on Amazon and just finished watching it.  This movie was better than many new movies that cost two or three times as much.  Though this movie was created a long time ago, nothing in it seems to be dated in a manner that lessens my enjoyment.  The plot was very good in my opinion.  It is based a written story by HG Wells who is known as the "Father of Science Fiction".  For people who are not big science fiction lovers, this movie should still be a good movie, because it doesn't go overboard with discussion and narration about technical details like many science fiction books/movies.  Wells was very skilled in writing in many other genres, so the movie is focused more on George and the people around him than objects/props and technology itself.  I will eventually watch this movie again.
 Arrived as stated and in good shape... no issues or problems included a special feature George and David Filby reunite ( both actors have aged filmed well after file was )
 This movie is the best every of the time travel movies that has been made. It has good actors,very good special effects,with good background scenery. I highly recommend it.
 As a sci-fi person, can't find movies like this anywhere except online. I've watched this movie "Time Machine when I was little in the 60's, It was the greatest. Hey! in those days they did what they can as a youngster to scare the witts out of you, but today's movie technology is even scarier. For me I like the old sc-fi, simlpe and fun to watch all over again. See you in the future.
 I purchased this as a surprise gift for my husband who loves older Sci-Fi movies and he loves it!  He knew of the movie but had forgotten about it.  This was not a title he had on his 'wish list' but when I was buying another movie for him I noticed that others had purchased this one as well.  (Great strategy Amazon!  Putting those suggestions on the page works!) I took a chance on this purchase & I want to say "Thanks to the other Sci-Fi fans out there who helped me surprise him.  Ok...so I can't really write a review of the movie because I fell asleep watching it.  Sorry fans!  I'm sure if you enjoy this era of movies, you will enjoy this movie as well.
 This has to be the best time travel movie I ever seen.  None other comes close.  I like the scene where there is a flat screen tv in the background when the time traveler comes to 1966 and a little girl drops her Woody Woodpecker doll.  Great plot and an all out great movie!
 "The Time Machine is an all-time favorite of ours.  Ranks up top with "Forbidden Planet and "The Thing (original)  Please note that on Instant Video the co-star Yvette Mimieux is not credited correctly...they have another Yvette listed.
 THE TIME MACHINE is a heartwarming sci-fi adventure film which I can watch for the umpteenth time on a Monday, then get ready to sit down on Tuesday and eagerly watch it all over again.  Preposterous as time travel may seem to the three-dimensional mind, the idea has doubtless captivated the imagination of everyone at least once during his life. My own wondrous "journey into the future via this spellbinding film began when I was a teenager back in the early 60s, and I have returned countless times to the gentle Eloi and cannibalistic Morlocks with that same renewed sense of dazzled expectation I experienced on previous occasions.  This is a film that truly delivers.  The special effects are outstanding...the acting superb...the drama riveting!  Rod Taylor, as the inventor of the time machine, is relentlessly -- believably! -- heroic in the role of H. G. Wells; Yvette Mimieux -- with one of the most crushingly beautiful faces ever to appear on earth -- is unforgettable as the innocent Weena; Alan Young's sensitive portrayal of David Filby (the only one of Wells' friends wise and compassionate enough to lend support to Wells' "outlandish theories) makes a lasting impression on the viewer.  And one of the major, not-to-be-overlooked highlights of this endearing film is the evocative musical score provided by Russell Garcia, which I'm listening to now as I write this review. The sweeping main theme pulls you right into the drama, while the "London theme tugs gently at the heartstrings. (There's one gorgeous passage here that's straight out of Debussy.  Has anyone made note of it?)  Don't miss THE TIME MACHINE for the world, and give yourself the chance to see what great filmmaking was capable of creating 50 long years ago.
 EXCELLENT !  A MUST HAVE ...  THE NEW REMAKES SRE NOT AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINALS.  TIME MACHINE IS TRULY AN ORIGINAL AND DONE QUITE WELL.
 Really a great buy at this price. Don't be fooled into thinking this is another 'B' Sci-Fi movie. This is really well done, with fine special effects, and good acting. No, it's not Jimmy Stewart and Betty Davis quality, but what is?  This is the iconic 'Time Machine' movie. The one all the others hope to be.
 I have been looking for this original H. G. Wells classic with Rod Taylor and Alan Young for quite a while. Watched it as soon as it arrived and I wasn't disappointed!! It's a great film, I would recommend it to everyone.
 I remember seeing and being fascinated by this movie as a youngster and while the special effects are obviously dated, it's still a favorite. Make sure you check out the Special Features and see the segment hosted by a much older and stouter Rod Taylor, telling how the Time Machine itself was made, how it survived the years in spite of finally being found in a thrift shop (!), was restored and was used in the 'Back to the Future' movies, among other video clips. His touching tribute to George Pal, the movie's producer, is very moving.  No, this doesn't follow the original storyline entirely but it's a wonderful adventure nonetheless.
 In addition to an all-time excellent movie, this edition supplies interviews with the cast and those who worked on the film with them. A very touching scene is played out between Rod Taylor and Alan Ladd, reprising their roles in the movie. This is too good of a deal to pass up. Glad I bought mine!
 The movie is one of the all time Sci-Fi classics. By today's special effects standards, it doesn't hold a candle, but that really doesn't make any difference because the story is timeless and for the time it was made, the effects are pretty impressive. I remember seeing The Time Machine in the theater as a kid and I've watched it many times since then. When I saw that I could own a NEW DVD of the movie I jumped at the chance. Especially interesting and entertaining is the "new scene they've put into the special features.
 Remake of the original classic is a classic in itself.  Great fantasy movie... great acting by all.  A must own movie!
 One's imaginagion can not help but be stirred after viewing this timeless masterpiece.  If you're looking for a pleasant hour-plus of sci-fi type entertainment then this one is for you.  Enjoy!
 This particular adaptation of H.G. Well's novel, though not entirely following the text's plot, seen more times than memory serves, will never lose its appeal, its mystic qualities nor its political ramifications.  In the novel, the protaganist, a scientist of great passion, grows posessed to go back in time and prevent the death of his true love. He attempts to prevent her death many times, but she dies anyway despite his efforts under different circumstances - "one cannot prevent fate"?  Rod Taylor does a supurb job as the curious scientist, moving into future time, as we see 1960 special effects of fashion changes, and the creation of the horseless carriage. He moves forward with great pace as the earth is destroyed by man. Thousands of years pass, as the rocks of centuies finally disapate to find himself in a kind of paradise, where berry's are the size of soccer balls.  Later we find the earth is divided into two types
 A great movie.  My family has watched it several times, and never get tired of it.
 The Time Machine is one hour and forty-three minutes long and was released on August 17, 1960. The movie tells the story of an inventor named Herbert George Wells (George to his friends) who invents a time machine. George is unhappy in his own time and wants to travels to the future. The film starts in the present and George four friends are at his house waiting for him to arrive. George has left instructions to start dinner without him if he is not there at 8 pm. Just at the four guests are about to dine, George enters the room dirty and clothes torn. George begins the story five days ago when he shows them a prototype of a miniature time machine. When the four friends leave the house, George heads toward his lab and climb into the large scale model and heads into the feature. At first he starts off slowly the he begins to go faster and faster until he reaches October 12, 802,701. George lands in an almost paradise world. The only downside is that there are two different classes of people. The first class live on the land and are called the Eloi and they live simple life of no laws, government and civilization. They know nothing of their past and seems to be void of thought as well. The Elois speak in a childlike way. The second group of people is the Morlocks who live underground, operates the machinery, blue-skinned, and cannot stand the light. The Elois are basically cattle for the Morlocks. The Morlocks clothe, feed, and raise the Elois just to eat them when they are adults. George is appalled by all of this and tries to put this to an end. When George goes down a shaft to rescue Weena and the rest of the Elois and is able to blow up the shafts that the Morlocks can escape from. George eventually arrives five days later when he originally left from. His four friends do not believe his story, but David Filby seems to believe some of it. The Time Machine won an Academy Award for Best Effects, Special Effects (1961). The Time Machine is a great science fiction movie and gets an AAAAA+++++.  VHS FEATURES 1) Theatrical Trailer 2) Time Machine
 When I was a kid, the Morlocks scared the hell out of me. I still love this film though, lets face it, it would be easy to make a monkeys arse of such a great story but the directors hand is firm, and the little touches that make this film so good are so enjoyable. The tailors dummy with the changing clothes, the spinning discs that provide the back story for the Eloi, its wonderful. My own childhood niggles such as the lack of interest of his colleagues and the lack of surprise of the Scots ginger-haired chap who meets him twice "in the future annoyed me a little, but these are tiny glitches. Make no mistake, The Time Machine is a classic film and I hope one day my son will enjoy it as much as I did. Have to watch them Morlocks though!
 The movie is a timeless classic, just as I remembered from the first time I watched it a long, long time ago.
 Just re-watched this movie this weekend and forgot how good it was. Alan Young plays Taylor's best friend and there are great behind-the-scenes stories for this movie in Young's book MISTER ED AND ME (I believe that is the title) also available on Amazon.com. If you love Morlocks, beautiful women, Oscar winning special effects and clever plots, this movie is for you.
 I first viewed this film when I was 11 years old and I must confess that seeing this movie impacted my whole life.  I still have drawings I did in grade school of glass-domed futuristic houses with large double entrance doors.  The time machine itself, is so humorous, but it is what they would have had in the 1800s for such a contraption.  I was entranced by the Eloi and their lack of emotion and having to do nothing but eat fruit all day.  My infantile mind thought that would be a GOOD life.  I consider this a much better movie than its "twin Journey to the Center of the Earth, but they were both great and thought-provoking, especially to pre-teenagers. The scenes and special effects are phenomenal.  It is because of this movie that I probably eventually decided to write a time-travel novel of my own.  Rod Taylor was not my favorite actor, but he did a very good job in this movie.
 The Time Machine is not only a wonderful movie but it is a favorite subject of mine; the ability to move back or forth through millions of years fascinates me, especially the future as it is largely unknown. For its age the film is scarcely dated with fine acting and production values, and one of those that you can watch over and over. The question of what to bring with you into another civilization for better or worse is infinitely intriguing.
 I was very pleased with thr DVD "The Time Machine", mailed to me recently. It was in excellent condition and met my expectations. Thank you.
 Its the greatest, like you saw it the first time. It hasn't changed, maybe it has change a bit. LOOK OUT PAST, HERE COMES THE BEST!!
 The movie is still as great as when it first came out years ago. The service was quick.
 THE TIME MACHINE tells the story of (Rod Taylor), an enterprising Victorian scientist who develops a way-back machine that crushes four dimensions into three, so that human beings can be transported through time as well as through space.  The excitement of Victorian discovery is well conveyed, and Rod Taylor, the Australian he-man star, does an excellent job of seeming as though he can think as well as heave his muscles around.  His first moments inside the machine are thrilling, as light changes into dark with a rapidity that astounds him, then light again, then dark, then whole months pass within instants, and then whole years.  When he gets to the future he finds that human beings have somehow bifurcated into two distinct races, the Morlocks a race of strong men who are stupid, the other brainiac weaklings.  Obviously there was a Cold War undercurrent in this George Pal production, and even when we were kids we read the thuggish Morlocks as Stalinist supermen, while the Eloi were us, castrated professors educated out of our balls.  Rod Taylor's mission is to re-insert some backbone into those pale pacifist Eloi and get them to fight back against the creatures of the night.  Yvette Mimieux is Weena, exquisitely elfin and needy, in her leaf-colored linen dress, falling for George (HG Wells, Rod Taylor's character) despite her natural antipathy towards dark men.  This is one of the scariest movies ever made and yet, oddly enough, it is perfect for young children.  Maybe we all like to be frightened from time to time.  Funnily enough I hardly noticed the satirical messages in this movie when I was a little boy, all I knew was that I was scared of the Morlocks, pitied the Eloi, and identified with Rod Taylor and I wanted to be the one who would come sort out the mess of the whole world.  Towards the end of the film George is faced with a big dilemma-should he go back to the Victorian world or should he return to the world 1,000,000 years from now where Weena waits for him?  It's a treat on DVD, as are the special features and commentary, but Alan Young doesn't seem to have a bit of shame in him; he should have apologized to the entire world for the dreadful Scottish accent he uses in the movie.
 I saw this movie when I was a kid and it stood with me ever since. I just love the film, the machine and the overall plot. It just keeps you glued to the screen wanting to know more as the movie unfold. The simple but yet clear scientifical explanation early on in the film is a great suspense setter. Overall
 This review refers to the Warner Bros. DVD edition of  The Time Machine (1960)...... I am so impressed with how this 43 year old classic Sci-Fi film looks and sounds on the DVD, that I am going to start with that this time. I wasn't expecting it to look as great as it did because the editorial review here gives it 3 out of 5 stars on both the picture and the sound. If you are a big fan of this film, or thinking of buying it as a gift for someone who is, you will not be disappointed with this transfer. The picture is presented in the original widescreen format,so you won't miss a bit of the action. To watch it you would think you went back in the time machine to 1960 and were viewing it for the first time. It is clear and sharp with vibrant color.The soundtrack is remastered in Dolby Dig 5.1 and is a welcome enhancement.The DVD also includes a terrific Behind The Scenes documentary called  Time Machine...The Journey Back . The film's star Rod Taylor hosts and fans will love this informative feature. You'll get a good look at how the actual machine was made and the journey that it has taken in the last 40 years as well as other interesting tid bits. This feature has it's own scene selections to choose from or you can just watch it straight through. The film may be viewed in French and has subtitles in English and French.(my only teeny complaint would be that the black bar area is not used for these subtitles, they are at the bottom of the film). The story based on the novel by H.G. Wells is as captivating today as it ever was. You know the tale..... George(Rod Taylor)has all the time in the world. He tells his friends an incredible story of his adventures traveling through the ages in a time machine that he has built. As his story begins, he starts out slowly traveling through the 20th century. He doesn't like what he sees. War and destruction seem to be the fate of civilaztion.He pushes foward, quickly, and the years fly by. Finally stopping in the year 802701,he comes across what seems to be a paradise on earth. Clean air,fruit growing in abundance, and a society of young beautiful people, the Eloi, who don't seem to have a care in the world. But even in this Utopian like civilazation there's trouble amiss.The Morlocks are running things from underground and they are just as scary today as they ever were.So it's up to our guy George to save this future civilazation from the evil Morlocks,and try to get back home to the year 1900 for an 8pm dinner appointment..whew,what a great story! Directed brillantly by George Pal( 7 Faces of Dr. Lao / Atlantis the Lost Continent ), the film also boasts the great talents of Alan Young, Sebastian Cabot, and the lovely Yvette Mimieux, as  Weena , who adds a little romantic interest to the story. The film was awarded a well deserved Oscar for it's special effects(also discussed in the featurette) for Gene Warren and Tim Barr.The movie is rated G, although the scenes with the Morlocks might be a little scary for very young children. A great story, fabulous film and an outstanding DVD. So go back in time, with your old friend  The Time Machine ..enjoy...Laurie
 Like most people, I had only seen this classic science fiction movie on television.  That never detracted from the story, which is one of the best that Wells wrote, but it didn't prepare me for how great this movie looks and sounds.  The DVD provides brilliant color and a generally sharp picture with only a little, infrequent  softness that I suspect is from the original film.  I was surprised at how clean the transfer is.  I did not see any scratches, dust or other defects.  The movie is presented in its original, widescreen aspect ratio.  The sound is also excellent.  It has been remastered in Dolby Digital 5.1 and it is an excellent job for a movie that is forty years old.  As you would expect from such an old sound track, most of the action is in the center and front channels, but it uses the rear channels (especially noticable in key scenes, as when Rod Taylor is making echoes in the ruined dome building) and the subwoofer kicked in a few times, also.  The disc provides more extras than you would expect from a Warner release of an old movie.  It includes a trailer, filmographies for the three lead actors and George Pal, and a very good behind-the-scenes documentary.  The documentary was produced by Bob Burns 32 years after the making of the movie and focuses on the important part the time machine prop played in the making of the movie and it's history since, with an interesting account of how Burns found and then restored the original prop.  The documentary also features a scene in which Rod Taylor and Alan Young recreate their characters from the movie, acting out a scene that might have appeared in the movie but did not.  The scene uses the restored time machine prop to good effect and it was rather touching to see these much older actors slip so comfortably into their roles.  You could tell that this movie had been one of the high points of their careers and they remembered it fondly.  Likewise, Whit Bissel recreates his character in a short monologue full of a sense of nostalgia.  This old documentary was much more informative and interesting than a lot of the publicity puff pieces included on more recent films as extras. I highly recommend this DVD.  It delivers far more than I ever expected and does this classic movie justice.
 Based on the famous novel of H. G. Wells, a young inventor constructs a device that  enables him to travel to the future, to see what the future will depart us. But this somber gaze has nothing to do with a promissory future where harmony and peace will reign.  Regardless the spanning years, the film still strike you. Memorable special effects and imaginative stages, where the vigorous profile of Rod Taylor is admirably compensated with that sidereal beauty who Yvette Mimieux was.  Georges Pal would eventually the same director of the famous cult movie
 I've had the Time Machine on VHS forever it seems. Taped it off the TV years ago. But when I saw this DVD, it blew me away! I had NO IDEA! Never have I seen every colour in his jacket, every grain of dirt, every hair on his head with such clarity. The time machine absolutely shines with beauty too. I sat with my jaw hanging open and goose bumps on my arms even as soon as the opening credits when I heard the surround sound kick in. My VHS copy always had a really bad audio track, but on the DVD, you can actually hear the faint electrical buzz of the machine running in the lab before he hits that crystal lever. I saw and heard things I never knew existed in this movie.  And it has a fabulous documentary with it, hosted by Rod Taylor, that explains everything we always wondered like what happened to that little model of the machine that he put the cigar in, and the full scale machine itself has a story that you won't believe! All in all, it's a wonderful movie, and everything a DVD should be. Brilliant, vibrant, with gut vibrating audio. (and still better than the remake that was just in theatres) Fantastic!
 Great movie about a man who travels through time into the future, and then finds his lover who is absolutley beautiful in the year 800,000. Buy this one, it's a classic
 WHERE IS THE BLU-RAY ALREADY?!? HOW LONG MUST WE WAIT?!? WOULD BE AN INSTANT BUY FOR SOOO MANY?!? C'MON HOLLYWOOD!!!
 Though the film has flaws, mostly on the corney side, I think it is safe to say that this is the best adaptation of one of H.G. Wells' novels to film yet produced.  Wells imaginatively projected the "class struggle pondered by Marx (of the capitalist owners vs. workers without a share in the means of production) 800,000 years into the future.  In this way, combining with Darwinian evolution, it becomes a struggle between two sub-species
 I've loved this movie forever and now that's it restored, I love it more. I bought the two together to show my kids.  Wonderful film.
 I have watched this many times over the years since I was a kid and it never fails to enthral.
 This is a good fantasy movie. Rod Taylor is terrific in his role as is Yvette Mimeux. If you want action and adventure, this is the movie for you.
 THIS IS ONE OF H.G. WELLS CLASSICS. I SAW IT WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT. IT'S JUST AS GOOD NOW AS IT WAS THEN. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE.
 Several 3rd grade classes in my school viewed this movie (rated G)after reading a version of the book.  We'd read it chapter by chapter and reviewed with EOG-style questions.  Wow-talk about a page-turner!  The children could not wait to read the next chapter just as soon as we finished the last.  Watching the movie was a fun way to see the images we'd created in our minds come to life.  This was the original version (I think the best) and because it is rated G, I felt very comfortable showing it to my students.
 The chronological setting of the movie is New Year's Eve 1899.  George Wells (named in honor or the author of the original book) is just hours from seeing another century.  But he is not satisfied with that, nor does he have to be.  He wants to go many centuries into the future.  The H.G. Wells book this movie is based on was written in 1895 close to when this movie is set.  It was also the first story of time travel by mechanical means.  "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court written by Mark Twain six years beforehand was about time travel via a bump on the head.  In fact it was this book that coined the phrase "time machine.  The movie closely follows the book except that it takes advantage of knowledge of 20th Century history not available to writers in the 1890's.  When traveling into the future George stops during the two World Wars and the year 1966 which was a future year when this movie was made.  Then he narrowly escapes a nuclear blast.  This encases him and his machine in rock forcing him to continue traveling into the future until the rock was worn away over time.  He stops in the year 802,701.  George expects to see new inventions and progress.  He is shown some advanced technology but not much.  What he first sees is a lush garden and people, all blond and young, living in leisure.  It appears that mankind has found a way back to the Garden of Eden.  But something is just not right.  For starters they do nothing when one of them is drowning in the river.  The time traveler rescues the woman whose name is Weena and asks about her people's "rather curious attitude.   He finds out more about these people.  They are called the Eloi.  There are people underground called the Morlock.  But they do not look anything like the Eloi.  These Morlocks are blue skinned, big eyed, monstrous looking people.  Over time the human race has divided into two species.  The Eloi have everything provided to them by the Morlocks but they pay a price for it.  They all must eventually go underground to be eaten by the Morlocks.  They respond to a siren with the exact same sound that civil defense sirens have been sounding since the beginning of the 20th Century.  The time traveler had heard this sound during his stop in a World War II air raid and in the 1966 nuclear holocaust as people were being warned to seek shelter.  Apparently people had been so conditioned to respond to that sound by going underground that the Eloi were doing so mindlessly.  H.G. Wells was concerned about the working class increasingly working underground.  In this story, this perceived trend of his has progressed to an extreme.  There is a lot more to this story than someone going into the future and seeing new gadgets.  On top of being a fun movie, it is rich in social commentary.  The movie gives one the experience of traveling with the main character.
 The Time Machine is a "deep thought movie. This has always been a favorite of mine. I have watched it many times.
 The time machine was an excellent movie.  I highly recommend it.  Rod Taylor is a superb actor, and makes this movie a classic.
 This is the story of George "H.G. Wells (Rod Taylor) who is an inventor. He has invited his friends to a dinner and is inexcusably late. Staggering in all disheveled he is asked what happened to him. So he relays the story.  A week earlier it was the turn of the century. He was showing his latest invention "The Time Machine. With this machine he could go into the future or the past. Being an optimist about mans future he chose the future. The adventure begins. --------------------------------------------------------  This is the definitive time machine movie. There have been others before and others after "Time After Time (1979). There has been time without machines "Somewhere in Time"(1980). But just as Cecil's "The Ten Commandments (1956) is the version you remember.  There are other remakes or versions of this story made later. The (1978) TV version which did a fair job of portraying the book even if it looked like a TV movie; Priscilla Barnes played Weena.  An earlier make of the movie (1949) Mary Donn played Weena. Then they forgot how to make movies and went to today's sound bit razzle-dazzle shallow version (2002) hopefully not the last attempt, looks like Weena is out too.  Rod Taylor's time machine is the one that you remember. An interesting side note is that in the book "The Time Machine by H. G. Wells, Weena was not much worth messing around with and defiantly did not look like Yvette Mimieux.  Later in the story mankind breaks into two species. The interesting part is that in the book the reason was social. In this movie it is war and the A-bomb. In future movies it is eugenics. Given today's climate it will probably be social again.  Any way I want the fancy time machine and a Morlock suit.  <a href="http
 This film was made before CG, before Star Wars and Star Trek and all those other sci-fi films that seem to be wholly about lasers and do-dads and weird looking aliens.  See, I never liked science fiction.  I found it to be too nerdy, lacking heart and soul, more concerned with gadgetry and amazingly complicated story lines and stuff I just couldn't relate to.  What I didn't realize is that there is sci-fi for me
 Rod Taylor, Alan Young, and Yvette Mimieux star in George Pal's  The Time Machine , a great sci fi movie based on the novel by H.G. Wells. Taylor plays George an inventor in the late 18th century (1899 to be exact) who makes a machine that can go back in time. At first his colleagues are skeptical, but when they see George's small model machine that goes back in time, they start to believe him. George's best friend, and supporter is David played by Alan Young. George takes the machine back, because he is sick of the present time, with war being brought on. He travels to the early and middle 1900's and to his shock , George finds out that Man's future lies in war (which is pretty accurate even up to today's time). He sees how WWI and WWII started, and even sees when his house is destroyed by an enemy plane! George then travels far into the future, the year 802701, to see if mankind has any hope of living in peace. At first, he sees a great paradise with many people (mostly children) play about in solitude. But when one lady named Weena, starts to drown, he sees that no one seems to care. He rescues her, and after talking to the other youths, he learns that they learned nothing from their ancient ancestors. The books they have are old and buried. They have lived the good the life, based on the sacrifices from mankind, and they don't appreciate it (which is another accurate telling of today's times). He learns that Weena is part of the Eloi society which is under the slavery of the Morlocks, a cannibalistic race. The Morlocks give everything, food and clothing to the Eloi , in exchange for the slavery and their bodies as food. The movie was directed by sci fi whiz George Pal who won an impressive 7 oscars and awards for his movies. He is the Steven Spielberg when it comes to sci fi movies. What's astonishing about the film is the special effects that were made without computer help (which in most movies make the movie look more fake than real). The way the special effects people made flowers bloom, candles burn while the Time Machine went in time, is very special to see. It's a great site, from a special effects view, how these people managed to do these effects, with the limited resources they had. He directed  War of the Worlds  and  Destination Moon  which won numerous awards. DVD comes with a number of great features
 There are a lot of reviews about this great picture and how it influenced an entire generation. All of it is true! For some reason this film ties into the imagination and fills you with wonder. We can thank Mr. Wells for creating the story, but we really owe it to George Pal, Wah Chang and Gene Warren for translating the book into a miracle of romantic adventure. The real draw of course is  The Time Machine  prop. Never in the history of film has a prop been more imitated and desired. The special effects received an Academy Award and it was well deserved. All of the elements of Victorian London in winter, cozy parlors surrounded with friends gathered for dinner,  tea table  chat over the 4th dimension and the recollection of an experiment in time travel utilizing a flashback technique are what makes this film so enchanting. When Rod Taylor finally begins a slow initial journey we see the sky in motion in day and night sequences that are breathtaking in astronomic splendor. As the flowered garden and fruit trees go through their seasonal cycles in rapid progression you cannot help but be drawn into the wonder of creation and the genius of invention! The screenwriters then play with your imagination as we see our traveler stop at different events in our 20th century past and a  cold war  interpretation of the decade in which it was filmed when he stops in the  future  on August 18th, 1966 to witness a nuclear holocaust. From here we are quickly transported to the focal point of the Wells story to a future society of Eloi and Morlock culture. The care that went into this DVD should not be understated. It is a highly polished film that restores 20/20 vision to the frames so that we can see all of the colorful beauty that was originally there. Once again, we can SEE the atomic satellite zeroing in, the clear sky above the Eloi  cafeteria  and the smoking machinery of the Morlock caverns. When our traveler returns to 1899 and presents the flower to Filby that was given to him by Weena you will agree that  that flower could not have possibly bloomed in the winter time  and in the holding of that flower you will realize that this is a magic moment in film that will be with you forever and as Mrs. Watchit gradually turns off the lights in our view from the snowy evening outside you will think about the three books you would have taken and agree that having seen this film you will never be the same again, because you are in love with a romantic idea, TIME TRAVEL.
 Another trip back in time (sorry about that) for a fine movie.  There's someting in all of us that we would love to escape and go back to simpler times.  Back To The Future was also a trip to a more innocent era that I miss.  What ever happened to Mayberry?
 This is a great anniversary edition of this sci-fi classic, however, the seller failed to do a quality check before shipping. The case was damaged inside and a piece of the plastic was rubbing on the recorded side od the DVD making scratches all over. The quality of the video was then, of course, damaged also. Lesson
 I first saw this movie when I was a young chap. The time travel concept greatly appealed to me then (you have to appreciate the standard of sci-fi movies of the time) and still holds a nostalgic charm for me today at sixty-seven years old. Yea! It has been beautifully restored and looks just like it did back then. (maybe even better). Gorgeous period feel. The machine is magnificent and Rod is the mans' man. I'm not too sure about the special features, a bit hammy and unnecessary, although the machine's reclamation was interesting and the special effects techniques fascinating. I may be a bit of geek, but this DVD is one of my all-time sci fi favorites.
 I love the old movies of the past, and this one is at top of my list. The quality of picture, sound and color is beyond my best hopes. I feel sorry for the people who give this on less than five stars, if there were ten, i would give them.
 this is a great movie classic.  good suspence and even the graphics are great for the time period.  this is movie that you could watch over and over
 Great 60's Sci-Fi movie!  Saw this in the movies with my dad when it 1st came out and have it on DVD.  Just wish it was offered in Blu-Ray.  I'd snap it up in a second.
 I have enjoyed watching this movie ever since it came out. First time was in black and white. Makes one think about how things could turn out.
 Although this movie was made in 1960, it will hold you attention. It is exciting at how the author imagined what thousands of years into the future might look like! Enjoy!
 I read this book when I was a child and have always loved the story.  This film version is a very good retelling of the H.G. Wells Classic tale.  Rod Taylor does a very good job as the Time Traveler (who in the novel is unnamed, but is called George in the film), and a young, beautiful Yvette Mimieux is well-cast as Weena the child-like woman of the far distant future.  The Special Effects done by George Pal demonstrate his usual excellent work.  They are a little dated, but taking into consideration that the film was made in the early 1960's they are outstanding for the time.  The Morlocks look a little cheesy, but if one ignores these minor details, the film is a real treat.  After seeing this film countless times, I am thrilled to be able to share it with my grandchildren.  This film stays more or less true to the book by H.G. Wells and is a classic just like the book.  I am sure that Sci-Fi fans like myself will enjoy this film.  It is definitely worth the five star rating that I gave it.
 This is a great movie & has been updated considerably (visually) over the original. The quality of the image is much better & more clear. It's the same original movie but even more enjoyable to watch now. The DVD I received is perfect quality for a used movie. I highly recommend used movies from Amazon. They are great to replace older movies on VCR tape. The prices are very good.
 Classic telling of H.G. Wells's masterpiece. I would recommened this product to any fan of classic sci-fi. I do like the recent rendition, but will never beat the classic.
 This show is still one of the best movies I have ever enjoyed,top 5,(the book is great too),it is a true classic and a fantastic story!! I saw it at the old Avalon theater in Chicago,when it first came out,it was out of sight then & it still is.Good old memories.Enjoy it.
 Rod Taylor builds a time machine and travels forward in time, seeing vast social change, war, and eventually winding up tens of thousands of years in the future. He finds himself in a devolved world, where humans (the eloi) are mere cattle, living in ignorant bliss. They are food for the race of subterranean mutants (morlocks) that lord over them. Can Taylor's character help these doomed folks? Classic stuff!...
 One of George Pal's greatest films.  Rod Taylor travels through time to try to find a utopian world of peace and love.  Yvette Mimieux makes Marilyn Monroe look ugly. Great fun and adventure.
 Really Great to see this clasic again. Arrived in good time, no defects and good condition. thank you
 Rod Taylor is at his best in the HG Wells Classic.  Good film and the storyline is very close to the novel.  I wished that they would have made Time Machine II.  They had a script for the film but was never produced.  This one is better than the one that was remade in 2002.
 This is a great movie for anyone that enjoys old movies.  Not to mention Arlene Dahl is just beautiful!
 Director George Pal will probably be more remembered for this film than any of his other classics, including  Giant.   Why?  Remember, this is 1960, and whether or not Pal's version is true to Wells' book is not the issue.  Marvel at the unique special effects, including the mannequin's many transformations, the way the clouds scurry across the window; the lush but sterile world of the eloi and morlocks.  This is quite groundbreaking in the world of cinema, long before the CGI and animatronics guys came along.  Rod Taylor (The Birds, TV's Falcon Crest) is the perfect studly hero, but he also possesses a sensitivity uncommon in movies of the 60s, which is all more evident in his friendship with the delightful Alan Young (Tom Thumb, Mr. Ed).  Add a trio of our most respected character actors (Sebastian Cabot, Whit Bissell and Tom Helmore) to lend upper crust credence.  And how can one forget the lovely Yvette Mimieux.  Yvette came to audiences attentions in a two part Dr. Kildare episode. She played his love interest, a surfer with elilepsy, who dies in the final moments.  She also played the troubled young girl in  Where the Boys Are  and in the 1970s starred in a rarely known cult classic,  Hit Lady.   Her beautiful innocence is captured in this movie. Yes, it's campy, a little corny in its naivete about man's future, but as a scifi film, it's one of the best and far surpasses its glitzy remake with Guy Pearce.
 filby plays a good role in this film
 I enjoy viewing movies that I remember as a child. These movies are clean cut. The movie in dvd format had great quality.
 THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC FROM THE SIXTIES. GOOD ACTION, WELL MADE, THEY DON'T MAKE MOVIES LIKE THIS ANYMORE
 This is the ultimate in classic sci-fi. Even though the special effects pale in comparison to today's standards, I like it better than the remake.  This is the story of H.G. Wells, told as a recounting of his visit nearly a million years into the future in a time machine he has constructed. The film differs from the book in a few ways, but they are mostly because the original book was written long before the creation of the atomic bomb, and that in the 50's when the film was made, everyone was paranoid of nuclear attack.  The DVD version has some great behind the scenes and 'making of' featurettes. If you are a fan of classic sci-fi, this is a must-have.  At the end of the film, Wells goes back to the future time, and the only thing that he appears to have taken are visible as two empty spaces on his bookshelf. The question is, which two books would you take?
 Super fast delivery! Love this movie.  my only pet peeve is that the dvd was loose in the case due to rough handling while in shipment...but no scratches no worries!
 The DVD is excellent.  DVD was received in excellent condition and before expected delivery date.
 The Time Machine is a Science Fiction classic. George Pal too H.G. Wells&#65533;s classic story and made it a reality. From the costumes to the intricately detailed Time Machine itself, the movie is a stand out in special effects, art direction and make-up. Rod Taylor was fantastic and played his character with a real sense of amazement. (If you have seen the new version &#65533; it lacks a real important element &#65533; characters anyone cares about.) This movie has a charm and romance that Yvette Mimoeux could only portray. Even George Pal&#65533;s visions of what the 80&#65533; and 90&#65533;s would be like are not far off. Who could forget the classic mannequin in the window sequence &#65533; watching fashion styles change before our eyes. The key to most of the special effects in the film was of course &#65533; stop motion animation. Whereby, elements and props and sets are shot one frame at a time while slight movements were made between each exposed frame. Thanks to CGI technology these days &#65533; this has almost become a lost art form. When it is done well, like in this movie &#65533; it really is effective and shines. The DVD extras on this one are great. A television retrospective shot in the mid 90&#65533;s with some of the original cast is really well done. The behind the scenes and event he history of what happened to the original Time Machine are on this documentary. This is a must DVD for Science Fiction fans. A true classic and a very good DVD for anyone's collection.
 IN A NUTSHELL
 My title says it all.I don't care if I'm from The Matrix and Star Wars generation,I loved this movie alot more then the 2002 remake.I think George Pal was the Steven Spielberg of his time.It's a great masterpiece,Rod Taylor was perfect as the time travller and it was a total blast watching him go forward in time.In the remake it was a total of 10 minutes of him going though time and in the orgainal,it's about half and hour.So to the people of my generation,skip the remake and watch the Pal classic instead. ***** out of *****
 Just finished watching this sci-fi classic! The picture quality has been masterfully restored as well as the audio content, and The Time Machine has never looked better!!!! The story of a young Victorian Era scientist who succeeds in conquering the most elusive of all man's quests....Time travel! His journey into the Fourth dimension propels the viewer into a fantastic vision of the future of mankind! In the year, 802,701A.D. George, the Time Traveler(portrayed marvelously by Rod Taylor), encounters a nuclear-war resulting divison of the human species...the passive, surface-dwelling Eloi race and the subterranean, cannibalistic predators, the Morlocks! In a race to save the human remnants from complete extinction by the creatures of twilight in this strange world, George must use his wits and strength in an all out battle which will decide Mankind's fate!  Skillfully directed by George Pal (who also produced), this film stands as one of the most outstanding science-fiction films ever made, paving the way for imitations in the years following its initial release! Full of incredible, Academy Award-winning special effects (Gene Warren and Wah Chang, and the talents of Projects Unlimited), it holds it own against the computer-generated films of today !!! of compelling interest is the Time Machine vehicle itself, one of my favorite movie props!!! With a veteran supporting cast led by Alan Young, Sebastian Cabot and newcomer, Yvette Mimieux, this is one film that is in a word.... timeless! Favorably recommended and considered to be an all-time classic! Great viewing for any sci-fi fan! Based upon H.G. Wells' immortal novel...The Time Machine...his first and best work!
 Star Trek bores me, and Star Wars doesn't do much for me either. So that disqualifies me from being a Sci-Fi geek. That being said, I've reviewed a handful of movies on Amazon, but I've never reviewed my favorite of all time. Year after year, this one stands out
 I always loved this movie since the first time I saw it when I was 6 years old.  I remember taking a small toy car and sticking a little umbrella in the back to make it look like the Time Machine. This DVD is really incredible!  What they did to the soundtrack is great.  The movie sounds great in 5.1 and remember this movie is a 40 year old movie.  FOX should have taken lessons before the did Planet of the Apes in 5.1 (if you can call it that!) Picture quality is superb.  But I do agree with another reviewer that the DVD cover could have been better, but I do see that another BOX set version of this movie is coming out this month with alot more goodies!
 The 1960 film version of "The Time Machine", was always one of my absolute favourites growing up and rewatching it now as an adult I appreciate now even more the great effort put in by the legendary George Pal and his talented cast and technical crew in bringing this story vividly to life. Their attention to detail, and creation of what are still awe inspiring special effects were of course created using their collective imaginations without the help of today's computers. I'm not going into exclamations as others have about the effects appearing "dated", by today's standards as that is a pointless exercise and really why is there a need to compare efforts such as this made in 1960 with the technology available to movie makers today? I look at the film in the context of the time it was made in and in this way it can be seen that "The Time Machine", was very state of the art entertainment upon its release. Using the excellent literary source in the famous novel by H.G. Wells, MGM studios in a last gasp of its famous move making finesse fashioned an exciting, thought provoking, and above all else spectacular story here that looks as fresh today as it did over 45 years ago. What is so totally impressive about this film version still for me is the marvellous depiction of the passage of time once the story gets under way and this progression by Rod Taylor on his time machine from New Years Eve 1899 through many thousands of years into Earth's future is still one of the greatest science fiction sequences ever filmed in any decade. George Pal's brilliance in visual design is wonderfully evident in every frame of these scenes where he shows the passing of time by the continual speeded up rising and setting of the sun and moon and best of all by a wonderful idea of continually showing the clothes on a mannequin standing in a neighboring shop window continually changing as the fashions progress over many decades. The time machine itself is a wonderful piece of movie making design and in the decades since the film's release has really taken on a whole life of its own as probably one of the most famous movie props ever created. For all sci fi film lovers like myself this wonderful piece of imaginative construction along with the whole classic movie to which it belongs has assumed an appropriately timeless quality and illustrates yet again the genius that was movie maker George Pal.
 In the 1960's, when movie making was still an art form, master puppeteer, George Pal created what has been considered a true classic, The Time Machine. Selecting as his hero, the handsome, gritty and debonair Austrialian actor Rod Taylor, playing Herbert George Wells, the director accurately portrays the adventurous, but moody, Victorian as a gentleman, who dabbles with inventions and yearns for a more peaceful century to live in. Using what has been hailed as the best special effects of that date, Pal launches Taylor into the future. Stopping only to observe the changing eras where war is fought with better and more sophisticated weapons, Wells finally arrives in the land of the Eloi. Here he meets beautiful and sultry Weena (Yvette Mimieux) and her people. During their brief time together, Weena allows Wells to learn that despite their idyllic paradise, it is not without dangers. In this future, it's the Morlocks who have become the masters of the world and have stolen Wells' time machine. Doomed to spend eternity in the future, Taylor engages in battle with the Morlocks resulting in a story he will later relate to David Filby (Alan Young) and his Victorian friends. The film is superb and despite being remade several times, has never been equaled. H.G. Wells would have approved.  *****
 "The Time Machine", is one of the many movies that when it was made was in danger of not living up to the expectations of many.  There were those who love H.G. Wells and wanted an acurate portrayal of his work.  There were those who liked science fiction and fantasy movies and wanted it to fit into that segment of cinema.  It was going to be difficult to please everyone, but amazingly it did.  The idea of using time travel in movies has been done and redone; I think of the movies "Back to the Future", "Peggy Sue got Married", and many many more, but for me this is one of the better done ones, because  1st.  The movie talks about searching for a greater good.  It's not just a story of humor, or vaneness, or someone trying to get out of trouble.  In other words, there is much more at stake in this movie.  It's a movie about one man searching for answers that are bigger than himself.  I can totally relate to this.  Let me be honest and say this is a thinking mans movie.  Yes, you can just simply watch and enjoy, but if that is all you do you have missed out on so much.  We are meant to watch this movie, and then meditate on it.  To see ourselves in the characters.  2nd.  the director could have made this movie in a number of ways, but the direction is superb, and I loved the special effects.  The scenes when the inventor is still in his lab watching the first half of the 20th century go by is great!  I really enjoyed the behind the scenes featurette on the movie that is presented by Rod Taylor.  The part of what happened to the actual machine after the movie is both interesting and sad.  This movie is leaps and bounds better than the newer version of "The Time Machine".  Don't miss this jewel.
 I have always been a fan of classic horror and sci-fi, but this was a movie I have always slept on. I never watched it, I thought it wasn't my type of movie. I wasn't planning on watching it, I heard how good it was, but it never came across me. One day at the store I picked it up on dvd, I popped it in the player and wow was I amazed. This movie never slows down, it's really entertaining and makes you ponder about the the future and the posibility of time travel. Of course not through that type of device he used but just time traveling general. The scenery is stunning and the effects are pleasing. Nobody has the right to dislike this movie, the story is great, the events that happen during the film are interesting and you won't be stopping it while your watching it. Nearly everyone who put down this movie either had problems with the visual/audio or have a very short attention span and no imagination. The morlocs are one race you won't forget and the same goes for the main character and his stunning lady from the future Weena, I believe that was her name. Watching this and getting back to regular life is hard because it makes life seem so dull and boring, it leaves you curious and wanting more. That's what a film should do to someone, this is a classic and in my eyes one of the best sci-fi films ever made. Great for the whole family, this is a must-have whether you're into science fiction or not. One of the most memorable films I've seen in my life! Fantastic!
 If you asked me what my two favorite science-fiction movies were, I'd have to say Forbidden Planet and The Time Machine. As anyone who has read the book can tell you, it's not the kind of story that really lends itself to a movie. Why? Well... The book was about the seperation of the social classes. About the futility of human achievement, and ultimately, about how human kindness is the one thing that survives when all else is lost. In that story, one human being was just a cog in the wheel of time, and had little power to change anything. But the movie...ah the movie was about something else entirely. Look past the excellent special effects and the (in my book anyway) great acting and flow of plot. What do you have? A story about the suffering of humanity. The striving for knowledge and improvement. And the idea that if people allow themselves to stagnate, to become complacent, and to forget the mistakes of the past, they may allow their world to turn into a nightmare rather than the Utopia they long for. In this movie, one human being CAN make a difference. The time traveler helps the people of the future to rediscover their courage, their compassion, their humanity. As long as one person still clings to the ideals of humanity, there is always hope. This is a great movie, and the dvd certainly does it justice. It features one of the nicest film transfers I have ever seen. The picture quality is absolutely perfect, and the widescreen is really appreciated. If you are a sci-fi fan, or a movie buff, you NEED to own this movie. It IS different from the book. But it has merits of it's own. And they are not to be overlooked.
 Since I saw this movie as a kid, it has always been one of my all-time favorites.  The story has a charm, that transcends time and it still remains thoroughly entertaining.  The only video copy I had in my personal library was one that I taped from tv.  Boy, was I in for a surprise when I viewed my new DVD version.  It is stunning!  I must commend those who worked on the restoration...it is gorgeous.  It makes some newer movies that have been transferred to DVD, look sick.  At times, I forgot I was looking at a movie that is over 40 years old.  I found myself noticing details of the sets that I never saw before. If there is any drawback, it would be that the clarity of the picture brings attention to some matte paintings that were less than convicing. I love this movie and this DVD version has renewed my enthusiasm and made me realize that it really is one of my favorite movies.
 A good movie for it's time and a good movie now. So much better than the cheesy remake.
 For old time classic sci-fi it doesn't get any better than this. I remember watching this film as a boy and it's still great even now. Please remember that the special effects are not as sophisticated as they are today but the story line and characters are great. An added bonus is that the digitally enhanced version for DVD is "OUTSTANDING"! This picture is as crisp and clear as it gets and is hard to believe the film itself was made in 1960. The special bonus features are also equally excellent with a few of the original stars of the film appearing some 30 years later with some neat surprises about the film. If you like science fiction than this film is a "Must Have".
 I realy love this movie.I can recall the first time i saw it as a kid.I thought it was brilliant at the time,and this movie stands the test of time.I didnt watch all of the new version of the movie,but what i did see i didnt like.I think a movie like this is hard to make a better version of.  The effects they used in the movie were alot different to the methods they use today.But were very effective and obviously it took alot of time to do.It was facinating the way they made the snail race by with time lapse pictures,amongst other things like the sun racing over.  Its the sort of fantasy movie i think anyone can relate to.I often think what would i do with such a machine.  Rod Taylor was brilliant in his role.Very convincing.  The age of this movie and how even the young genneration can be equally facinated by it,proves what a great movie this is.  There are very good extras with this DVD.  An inventor(Rod Taylor), builds a time machine and travels through time. He sees both WWI and WWII as well as 1968 during the Cold War in which he experiences a nuclear bomb. The movie really gets going when he travels far into the future to a time when people are ruled by Morlocks, cannibalistic creatures who basically breed humans so they can eat them. Seeing how horrible it is, the inventor tries to free them from the Morlocks.  If its an exciting movie you are after,get this.
 You know something, the Eloi remind me of myself. They are disorientated, not knowing what the hell is going on, and just going places they just don't wanna go, but go, because they don't know that they don't want to go to that place they are going to!!! Read it again, it'll make sense.  This movie is the best of the best when it comes to time travel flicks. George Pal couldn't have done a better book to film transfer. Music is eerie and Roddy taylor is perfect as the time traveller and is believable as a 19th century inventor. Watch the Documentary on DVD, it's presented by Roddy and is over 45mins long. A must watch. This is top of my list. A real gem. But I would still rather travel in time in a car, than a sofa chair, that looks like my grannys.
 George Pal was the man who brought us the science fiction classics "When Worlds Collide and "The War of the Worlds".  George did an equally good job with "The Time Machine". Herbert Wells wonders about the evolution of society and looks forward into the future at the great things man will accomplish.  The drive to see that great future has driven Herbert to create a machine to get there.  One aspect I enjoyed about this movie and "Time after Time is that Herbert in each movie was interested in the progress of society and man.  Their action with the time machine was the equivalent of turning to the last chapter of a novel. In this movie, Herbert finds that society has been destroyed by a nuclear war, which in 1960 seemed like a very real and imminent possibility.  Mankind was driven underground by the need to escape the effects of the war, leading ultimately to the evolution of the peaceful Eloi and the predatory Morlocks.  The Morlocks principal source of food seems to be the Eloi, while the Eloi eat fruits and vegetables, which inadvertently becomes a commentary on what happens to vegetarians. George Pal tries hard and generally succeeds in exploiting what happens when a society no longer has a need to drive itself to achieve a goal, whatever that goal may be.  The Eloi have everything provided, so they see no need to strive to be any different.  Things are the way they have always been, and life if good.  If some disappear occasionally, well, we can still go play by the rocks and do whatever.  Obviously some of this story is difficult to believe because we know that even "peaceful animals such as rams and bulls sometimes fight to the [end] over females and territory, and it would seem like there would be some point of contention even in this "perfect society.  However, given that the movie has to present a viewpoint in a relatively small time frame, it succeeds well by the very exaggeration of the characteristics of such a society. The end of the movie is most satisfying, as Alan Young (playing George Well's best friend Philby), speculates on three books that George took with him to help re-build the civilization of the far future. While the movie suffers from many of the cliches and the now dated styling of the late 1950s, it creates a very believably little tale with award winning special effects.  At the end of the movie you are left with the sense that mankind has the ability to triumph over the odds.  I am admittedly partial to these classics, which did so much with so little, requiring much plot creativity.  However, when the end credits roll, you walk out satisfied that you were treated to a real movie experience. While I should give this movie 4 stars for its weak points, it gets 5 stars for standing the tests of time and being better than the 2002 re-make.
 Well, I think that this was probably the only movie I ever watched as a junior high and high school student.  At least it seemed this way.  And I was addicted to the book--reading it in the bathtub, etc.  But that is a different review! My only copy was a static-ladened VCR tape I got off of the local UHF. It was absolutely stunning to see the film in a clear letter-boy, plus to see the missing scenes that were cut out due to time constraints.  Wonderful! Yes the effects are cheesy, and WWIII in 1966 is dated, but still . . . give it a break.   1984  was off, but we still read the book! This DVD has the complete film, and it is a good transfer, except for one or two scenes which seem a little fuzzy.  The sound is tops! The great bonus was the  Making of . . .   This segment is a behind the scenes look at the making of the movie, with a special segment!  Rod Taylor (George) and Alan Young (Filby) filmed an addendum to the film, and it is an almost perfect continuation and conclusion to the film! This was the first DVD I ever owned.  I love it!  Just the thought of traveling thorough time appeals to me.  that is probably why I am a historian!
 No doubt about it, it's still the best and my favorite all-time movie. I only wish there would be a true sequel made based on George Pal's "The Time Machine 2 novel. Keeping to the same look and style while incorporating modern special effects, it would be a success. Of course, there would have to be different actors playing the roles after all these years,  but it could be done. Incidentally, I'd like to mention Don Coleman's site has the BEST site on The Time Machine in all it's aspects (that's colemanzone.com). I think his forum had some technical problems for a while, but it's ok now.  One more thought; when are we going to see the blu ray?
 The first thing I have to say about the film is that it tries to follow the book up to a point.  But in order to make a film for the big screen they had to add just a detail here and there and, of course, a love interest.  With actors like Rod Taylor, Alan Young and Yvette Mimieux in a film by George Pal you really can't go wrong.  Actions, adventure, special effects! The extra is a long feature mostly focused on the Time Machine, how it was made and what happened to it during and after the film. A must for any fan of H.G. Wells and sci-fi.
 In the 1950s, director George Pal was best known for producing the film version of  The War of the Worlds  and for creating his numerous  Puppetoons  a decade earlier. Pal would go on to make  The 7 Faces of Dr. Lao  in 1964, but his most thoughtful film (in my opinion) will forever be  The Time Machine .  Going back to H.G. Wells, Pal insures a Victorian sentimentality that would've been present if the film had been made during the era in which it was written. Taking place on the literal eve of the new (20th) century, inventor George (Rod Taylor) invites a group of his friends to witness a demonstration of his new invention. When they arrive, they don't believe in the Time Machine that he has created. Even his best friend, Filby (delightfully played by Alan Young) has his doubts. Uninterested, they leave him to celebrate the new era.  Determined to travel through time, George uses the machine himself to find what's left of human civilization in the far future. (After fleeing World Wars and puzzling fashons.) He expects to find a Utopia, and he finds one of sorts - but it is not the paradise he expected. George discovers he must defend and teach these valueless humans (including the beautiful Weena played by Yvette Mimieux), lest they die out forever.  The film is an allegory for the rapidly diminishing Victorian mentality at the turn of the century, and George finds that his imagination and spirit of adventure are outdated within his own lifetime.  The Time Machine  not only reflects the spirit of Wells' own work but the swashbuckling fiction of the time, made whole with a sense of hope and empathy representing the perfect Victorian gentleman hero. This really is 19th Century science fiction at its best
 H.G.Welles Time Machine is a great Sci-Fi film that everyone must see. Perhaps the special effects are a bit dated,but ahead of it's time when made. Its' theme speaks to the path of destruction that man has taken on its march through time. Thanks to Amazon for pricing this movie so we can all enjoy its message.Good luck to the Eloi.
 What a great movie. Rod Taylor Takes HG Well's George the main charactor through time. He tries to find a better world. Yet as far as you  can go things remain the same. The special effects for the 60's was great. HG Wells was showing how he felt about society. Making the rich useless Eloi and the working people doing the work the monster Morlocks. Just sit back and enjoy a fun movie with great actors that you can feel that they were the charactors from the book. This movie was charming, exciting and a true classic. See it.
 A thousand times better than the recent remake.  Don't bother with that one. This is the definitive movie.  I watched this with my 22 year old daughter who is studying animation.  She agreed with me that George Pal's 1960 animation was as good as anything in the new version.  The story was far better presented. and the additional 30 minute special feature with brings Rod Taylor and Alan Young back together again 30+ years later was far more enjoyable than most 'making of' features.
 I saw this as a boy and it permanently entered my imagination.  If there was one wish that I could have had, it would have been to have a real machine like the one in the film.  I added the film to my collection so that I could share it with my children.  Watching it at this age, I must say that there is still magic to it.  In particular, the sense of history passing so quickly, seeing where the path of man might lead.  The scientist truly still captured my imagination - his inspiration, his wonder, his hopes, his regrets, his struggle against smaller minds.  That part worked for me as it did in 1964, when I first saw it.  I also enjoyed his discovery and investigation of the Eloi, who to his horror had devolved into passive children living only in the present, using only present-tense verbs.  Unfortunately, the part with the Morlocks appeared preposterous and crude to me, a kind of tack-on to the great first hour of the movie, to make it an action movie in its last 25 minutes.  It is fun, of course, but there is nothing distinguished about it and the end resolution is way too pat.  And my kids (g14 & b10).  With the special effects nearly 50 years old, they were not impressed.  They also did not get swept up in the themes the way I did, again with a mix of sophistication and impatience with the slower pace (the Star Wars infection, I would call that).  But we did discuss it, even if they laughed at it for the most part.  The extras of my edition are also OK.  Though the documentary has too much about the fate of the prop time machine, there is also a fictional vignette conclusion that is truly worth the price of admission.  Warmly recommended.  I guess I'm dated in my kids' eyes, but I am still a sucker for it and glad of it!
 I've always loved this movie from the time I was a kid.  One funny thing I noticed that I never noticed before is in the underworld fight scene.  Just before the Eloi start heading up from the Morlock's underworld area, watch the dead Morlock in the sitting position.  He moves his leg out of the way so the Eloi can run past him.  What a considerate corpse.
 The Time Machine is a classic, period.  I will not go into the details of the movie as many other reviewers have already done so (great good vs. evil).  Warner Brothers came out with the stellar Ultimate Forbidden Planet, complete with a model of the robot and tin box!  How cool would it be to have the same for the Time Machine (like maybe, a model of the time machine???)  These two movies (in Ultimate editions) are the best bookends your DVD library could ever have.
 "The Time Machine is a classic sci-fi story which has spawned a myriad of other time travel scenarios, the two most recognizable being "The Time Tunnel", and "Quantum Leap".This movie stands the test of time (pardon the obvious pun).It is expertly paced, and draws the viewer right into the story.You almost get a feel for the past,present and future.You also hear Wells' ominous predictions for what is now a very real and quite alarming present.His stories have always exposed the worst of our natures, whether self-created or from outside, yet preach that we are the ones who control our destiny, and that there is always hope.This movie can and should be viewed several times each year. I guarantee you will thoroughly enjoy it as much on the tenth or even twentieth time as in the first.
 A must have for lovers of H. G. Wells, or even Jules Vern, or classic Science Fiction movies.  Well played, by the actors, and full of suspense.  Believeable, and almost comical, as it may predict our furture.  What will our post nuclear age be like, will we ever use the bomb again?  What will be the results?  Even a few flashes of the past, and somehow defines the future, as explained by the "The Time Traveler", or is it.  Love Science Fiction, classic Science Fiction, then pick up a copy, pop some corn turn out the lights and prepare to be jolted, just a little.
 I first saw this movie when I was a little kid, and have watched it at least thirty times since, it had a great impact on my life. The special effects leave a little to be desired, compared to a 'modern' flick, but it's a classic that belongs in everyone's movie library.
 I can't say enough about this film version of H.G. Wells'  Time Machine,  as opposed to the newly remade version with Guy Pearce (which I don't recommend, by the way).  Rod Taylor makes for the PERFECT lead character
 It's about time! No pun intended. I saw this on TV when I was less than 10 years old, and I never forgot it - the image of that Victorian design time machine with the revovling disk is burned into my head. Imagine my joy when  I saw it being used as the time machine in Carl Sagan's COSMOS TV series  (now *there's* another that deserves DVD treatment). George Pal outdoes  himself, with an story that's surprisingly faithtful to the spirit of the  original Wells novel - with romance, adventure, and visions of the future  thrown in, right down to a nuclear war in the 1980s and lava filling the  streets. One of the best things about the DVD format is the behind the  scenes features you can tag onto classic movies - sadly, not all movie  releases do this. Where's the commented versions of War of the Worlds,  Forbidden Planet - and when can we get The Day The Earth Stood Still  and  When Worlds Collide? Come on - there's tons of us SF movie geeks out there.  Feed us!
 This is still the classic movie - saw it as a pre-teen and loved it then and it still brings back memories - the newer version does not compare with this classic - would not recomend it for small children
 Beautiful conversion of a clean film to DVD, nicely presented, well organized, lots of interesting background information.
 In order for a science fiction movie to seem plausible, it needs more than special effects wizardry, evil villains, or even a handsome hero (although all three do not hurt).  It needs at its core, a hero who resonates with the audience, one in whom they can identify because he acts believably, if not heroically.  In George Pal's THE TIME MACHINE, the time traveller George (Rod Taylor) can put the audience at ease with a smile or gentlemanly act of gallantry and can in a flash revert to the traditional role of derring doer whenever a pretty damsel is in need.  The recent (2002) version of this film with Guy Pearce in the title role has too much of special effects and not enough of the hero.  George Pal wisely allows his time traveller not to play second banana to the then (1960) special effects that wowed the viewer without distracting him.   George is a scientist who on the last day of the 19th century wishes to prove to his circle of doubting friends that time travel is not only possible but practicable.  There is a charming scene in which he lectures to them on the fourth dimension, culminating with a mini-time machine model that takes a cigar to the future.  This scene functions as a necessary segue to the larger model that will carry him to his unknown future.  Alan Young and Sebastian Cabot have minor but significant roles in that they set the tone that this movie is more about the relationships between people than it is between man and novel technology. George zooms to the far future where he encounters a race of humans (the Eloi) who have degenerated morally into a blandly hedonistic group of blonde but not too adventuresome weaklings who are opposed by equally degenerate atavistic green-skinned Neanderthals who see the Eloi only as food.  This division of humanity into opposite sides of the same Jekyll and Hyde persona forces George into an ugly choice
 I definitely recommend this movie!!! It has a good story line from the beginning to the end... you will not be disappointed!!!
 Maybe it's because I think of this version as the standard against which all other Time Machine movies must be compared. I just enjoy it.  It was a great introduction to the idea of relativity for my 8th graders.  They really got into it.
 The Time Machine (1960)was an excellent five star movie produced by George Pal starring Rod Taylor. This old movie has held up pretty well with the passage of much time.  I first saw it at the Loews Paradise in the Bronx back in 1960. Many of my old friends from the neighborhood took the trek up to Fordham Road to see this movie with me and were not dissapointed with this great film. Although the special effects are a little dated they are nevertheless still effective.  The movie owes much of its success to the original Wells story.
 This is one of the best movies ever made. This isn't just a classic, this movie is one of the movies that paved the way for other sci fi movies. This is as much of a classic as Wizard of Oz or Gone with the Wind and in my opinion this is better than both of those movies put together.
 The Time Machine is a true classic film that is an adventure in time, past present and future. I highly recommend it!
 An absolutely brilliant exposition of HG Wells famous novel.It really does explain what time is,and is very educative for budding students of Physics ! The sets are very well laid out ,the acting brilliant.It certainly adheres to the plot much better than the 2002 version and I would recommend it strongly to all those who are interested in Sci Fi and the subject of time travel
 "The Time Machine is as far as I'm concerned George Pal's best movie.  Released in 1960, it stars Rod Taylor as the time traveler `George'.  George is an inventor in 1899.  In an gathering of his friends, he demonstrates a scale model of what he says is a time machine.  Except for his friend Filby  (played by a finely nuanced Alan Young) those gathered don't believe him.  Unsuspected by all but Filby, George has built a full-scale model.  After his guests leave, he's off.......  The set design is brilliant.  The time machine itself is the coolest thing made by genuine imitation Hollywood Victorian  craftsman.  A nice touch is the nameplate on the control panel.  It says, "Built by H. George Wells".  The special effects were state-of-the-art for 1960 winning an Academy Award for best special effects.  Even today, the effects fit neatly into the story.  This is a mid-twentieth century cinematic interpretation of a nineteenth century novel.  The David Duncan screenplay `updates' the story brilliantly. While George Pal's films have a well-deserved reputation for technical excellence, the acting has been uneven.  That is not the case in this movie.  Mr. Taylor is totally believable as the idealistic inventor searching for a better world.  Yvette Mimieux is Weena, of the sheep-like Eloi who begins to think as result of meeting George.  The DVD I have has an excellent documentary on the making of the film narrated by Mr. Taylor.  If you interested in a great SF adventure movie, this one is essential to your collection.
 This is the book Sylvester McCoy is reading as 1996's DOCTOR WHO---THE MOVIE begins. This is just before he regenerates into Paul McGann and just before Eric Roberts gives  what was (up to that time) his greatest performance on film as "The Master.  (In case you haven't noticed I am trying to work a mention of DOCTOR WHO into almost every review I write---just KIDDING).  ANYWAY---yup that's the devastatingly sexy Rod Taylor as "George (who seems to be intended as a film portrayal of author Herbert GEORGE Wells---but if he IS then he couldn't have written the book on which the movie is based because the second time he goes...er...BACK to the future---he doesn't return. He TELLS the story to his friends (including Alan "A Horse is a Horse of Course of Course Young---but he doesn't WRITE it---thereby creating a problem in temporal logic only someone from Gallifrey---or possibly someone from a small planet in orbit around Betelgeuse---instead of Guildford---in Surrey---as they had previously CLAIMED---could POSSIBLY solve---anyway Rod's character doesn't actually HAVE a name in the book---he's just "The Time Traveller".  Yvette Mimieux (whom I could never HELP calling Yvette Meow-Meow) is on hand looking pretty devastatingly sexy herself as Weena---and the Morlocks are suitably scary.  The Time Machine itself (which makes a guest appearance in <a href="http
 Another classic which was re-made in an extremely disappointing attempt. The original has not and probably will never be surpassed.  This is one of the best Sci-Fi movies of its time.  Again, great special effects for the time period.  And again, while it can't compare to the technology of today, its much more raw emotion, feeling and truth.  Newer versions tend to be changed for the time in which it is being released.  It just discredits the original.  I would love to see a classic like this remade almost exactly the way the original was done but with the special effects of today.
 I was very delighted to see Hollywood had saved this old film classic with Rod Taylor.  I especially enjoyed the behind the scenes portion and learned allot about this film's history, since its making.  I had even had the pleasure of working along side Mr. Bob Burns, while working as forman of Magic Mountain's Showcase Theatre, located in Valencia, California some 30 years ago.  Mr. Burns was a interesting man to meet and be around; always full of new ideas and projects to pursue.  The packaging and DVD quality are just fine.  No complaints.  Delivery was excellent and delivered on time!
 George Pal directed this classic from 1960, starring Rod Taylor as the scientist who travels back through time (George, although we are meant to understand that this is a character-cipher for H.G. Wells), and Yvette Mimieux in a very early role (interestingly, she became an anthropologist, the study of which has a concern in the overall plot development and socio-political points Wells was trying to drive home with his novel).  The plot follows Wells' late Victorian novel fairly well.  Scientist George invents a time machine, and after making the proclamation to several of his nay-saying friends, including a test with a miniature time machine, takes off on a few journeys.  The early journeys are just to test, and we see a few fascinating effects here.  But the greater story lies in George's hope for the future, so he sets himself to go nearly a million years in to the future - the year 802701.  Trivia buffs will recognise the date on the machine as October 12, the same date Columbus discovered the new world.  George embarks into this new world, finding the human race has evolved into a split species - the above-ground Eloi, and the below-ground Morlochs.  The Eloi are carefree airheads for the most part - that is, until the Morlochs threaten, and then they become the hunted.  The Morlochs are presented as base creatures, following only their appetites, and afraid to remain above for too long.  The effects of the time machine itself and the transition scenes are quite good for the time - I recall as a child watching this film on television and being mesmerised by the passage of time, the scenery changes through George's window as the time streamed by, and the contrast between the Victorian household set and the future world.  The more recent remake did homage to this classic film by incorporating a few of the same ideas - the scene changes through the windows, for example.  Also, Alan Young (who played Filby in the 1960 film) appeared in the more recent film, the only actor to appear in both.  George has a tough decision to make - his time machine is stolen by the Morlochs; does he risk his life to get it back?  And does he opt to stay in the future or go back to his own time if he recovers it?  Only time will tell.
 I was glad to find this version still available.  I enjoyed this because with our technology expanding so rapidly in today's world, time travel appears to not only be possible but probable; maybe in another 100 years.  I wish it were possible now.  This version is truer to the book than the newer version recently produced.  What would you take with you into the future?
 This first cinematographic version of Well's "The Time Machine is unforgettable.  It is quite amazing such impact as the director wasn't a sci-fi movies expert, no great stars were in the cast and no big budget was at disposition.  Even thou director George Pal show an exceptional ability to tell Well's story, with a quick rhythm and a solid cinematographic language.  Rod Taylor as George the Time Traveler, acts convincingly (it is not a stone faced performance as he delivered in "The Birds"). In this movie he is able to transmit to the viewer all the agonies and joys of his character.  A very young Yvette Mimieux fleshes the nae and adorable Weena (at that time all we youngsters fall in love with her).  Morlocks with their flashing eyes were shocking and were good stuff for "monsters".  The Machine showed in the film has a fascinating "end of XIXth century look and the way it works is believable.  The story is well known but still here it is in a nutshell
 This is truly one of the greatest sci-fi flicks of all time!!!It was my favorite as a child ( though it scared the heck out of me the first time I saw it!) and it is still one of my favorites as an adult.Why? Because we're talking about controlling time itself. The "Ultimate Fantasy"!! This premise alone makes it very fascinating.   Rod Taylor plays H.G.Wells himself, truly the ultimate warrior, that travels 800,000 years into the future! Think about that for awhile. WOW! Co- starring the stunning Yvette Mimieux,Sebastian Cabot,Whit Bissel (of course!), Alan Young ( Mr. ED Fame), directed by George Pal ( The best!)Great cast,great music score, great cinematography,great special effects.( received an Academy Award 1960)  WARNING!!! DO NOT ACCEPT ANY REMAKES OF ANY KIND!! THEY ARE INFERIOR REPRODUCTIONS! This one is the goods!! Morlocks anyone??
 I am no movie critic, just as no one else who writes their own user reviews on this site is but in many ways, we are more important than the world-reknowned movie  experts . While the Ebert's and Roeper's are constantly invited to big premiere's and likely never lay out one single dime to view a movie, it is us; the paying customers, whose dimes make or break a film. That being said, I have put my foot in my mouth in the past when discussing certain actors. Up til now, I've always felt Tom Cruise to be overrated and nothing more than eye candy for starstruck females. As a mere movie fan, I feel as if every actor who achieves greatness has their definitive film that catches my attention and convinces me that they are more than I bargained for. Robert Deniro had  Raging Bull . Ray Liotta had  Goodfellas . Johnny Depp had  Donnie Brasco . Denzel Washington had  Malcolm X . Now, after years of consistently maintaining that Tom Cruise had no more acting talent than a dead carp,  The Last Samurai  has fully inserted foot into my mouth. Actually, I should take a small step back. Within the past year, I have come to learn that Tom Cruise had personally help finance films that he saw that were running into trouble in the home stretch. When things began to look somewhat grim, Tom Cruise helped get  Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels  and  Narc  into American theaters and as a huge fan of both movies, I felt a need to tip my hat to Mr. Cruise for getting those movies attention that they may not otherwise had received. Like me, Tom Cruise was a fan on movies first and I respect that. However, I had yet to see his acting work turn me fully around.  The Last Samurai  changed that forever. In short, Tom Cruise plays a Civil War Captain who has nightmares of murdering innocent Native Americans in battle. These nightmares feed his obvious drinking problem. He is offered a job for 4 times his regular pay to sail to Japan and train an army to battle the remains of the ancient samurai. Despite their inability to perform, the new Japanese army marches into battle prematurely and amidst a stampede by the samurai, he is captured alive. During his captivity, he meets Katsumoto and through the winter months, he  slowly grows to understand their culture and their respect for life and death. All of this is climaxed in the final battle when he rides out in battle as a samurai with Katsumoto in what ends up being probably the greatest battle scene ever committed to film or at least on par with that of the Lord Of The Rings trilogy.  The acting by the entire cast is superb. Tom Cruise's transformation from tragic figure to hardened warrior is nothing short of flawless. The respectful manner in which the samurai is portrayed takes you back into a period in history where you clearly witness a clash of civilizations. One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences. One can tell immediately that the director went to great lengths to avoid having this film be categorized as merely another  samurai flick . It is instead a great, epic film about a culture that was driven into the annals of history and all but forgotten about. The total package includes a supplement disc containing a virtual well of special features that take you on a stunning detailed ride behind the camera with interviews, historical comparisons, costume and set designs and training for battle sequences. A package this superbly concocted is a crime to ignore.
 Dances with wolves meets Shogun, with a little Braveheart thrown in (When you see the final battle scene in the movie, and have already seen Braveheart, you'll see what I mean)....but done real well. (Thank god!) Makes me want to be a samurai just watching it. If you have any interst in Japanese History or culture I highly recomend it.
 Both Ken Watanabe and Tom Cruise did an outstanding job in their perfomrances in this movie, though for Watanabe san it was mere rotuine for him since he has regularly played such roles in his native homeland of Japan. His skills as a Samurai in this movie shined brightly and I was also taken by his english speaking capability. Tom Cruise also did a very good job in adapting for this role unlike other movies of his. After seeing other movies of his I was somewhat disappointed by his perfomrances. After purchasing a book about the making of this movie, it explained very well all the details as to what when into the making of this movie from choosing locations, costume design, history of the Samurai and other details. From reading this it not only shows that Tom Cruise put forth countless hours in preparing for this movie as an actor and at the same time displaying respect for the Japanese culture. Special mention undoubtedly goes to both Koyuki and newcomer to me Hiroyuki Sanada. Though I have never seen Hiroyuki san myself while I was in Japan for the last eleven years, his performance fell nothing short of spectacular. As for Koyuki san, most of her roles in Japan have been those of Japanese dramas where she obvioulsy speaks her native tounge. In "The Last Samurai she shows that she is able to gain your undivided attention not only by her beauty, but by her presence even if she does not have many speaking roles. For those who do not understand the Japanese culture much at all, "The Last Samurai can and will shed some light for you in not only understanding but appreciating the culture as well.  I intend not only to view this movie numerous times when I wish to view great perfomrances by these actors, but to also take me back to a country which I fell in love with while I was there.
 I agree with most of the other reviewers. This movie is an excellent, touching, and soon to be classic movie. Tom Cruise is simply Tom Cruise as always. He might not win the Oscar, but who needs Oscar when other actors go for Oscar to become as famous as Tom. The director does a good job, and this is one of the rare movies of 2003 that makes sense unlike Matrix or Terminator sequels. I recommend this one as a resolution for '04!
 Warner Brothers can?t catch a decent break, can they? For the last three years, the studio has had a mixed year based on the performance and public reaction of their films with the missteps outshining the successes. 2003 continues that trend with the poor reception of films like Gods & Generals, Dreamcatcher, Alex & Emma, and Looney Tunes
 Great battle scenes never seen in this scale. Ken Watanabe and Tom Cruise was superb.
 I'm gonna review the quality of the blu-ray version of this movie. I'm not gonna review the movie itself as there are enough reviews of it. The image quality is totally HD quality, image is crisp and detailed and the audio is superb. I'm not a fan of special features so I can't tell you if there are enough as I normally don't watch them unless there are deleted scenes or alternate endings. If you like this movie and you have an hdtv then this is a good purchase.
 When should Tom Cruise get an Oscar nomination and wins it ? I'm not a serious Cruise's fan, but I like his work and he works hard for his roles as many A-list actors do. Again, he should be nominated for best actor Oscar for his role in the Last Samurai. It has some of the modern themes of regional and global superpowers dominations and attemp to change the inner cultures of other nations for the sake of self-centered interests and for the love of control. You'll find those elements somtimes hidden within the storytelling. The battle sequences are very well performed yet they need to be longer in duration. The movie is visually stunning. It is a very good movie to watch, and certainly one of the 2003 best movies.
 Okay, first off I want to say that this was a great movie, great acting and directing, great battle scenes and beautiful Japanese scenery. Many people say this is Dances With Wolves, yes the plot is slightly the same, but I watched Dances With Wolves, I have almost never watched such a boring movie, If The Last Samurai is this, it is certainly a much less boring version. And many people complain about how Tom Cruise doesnt die at the end, well 'It was not his time' as Katsumoto explained numerous times in the movie. And the reason the children and Taka fall in love with Tom is that they forgave him for killing their father/husband, they beleived they where both warriors that did their duty on the field, and they certainly believed that their way of life was worth fighting for. I would think that the way of the samurai or Bushido was worth fighting for, especially back then. As Tom said 'What could be more necissary?'
 I feel thsi is a better moive than Lord of the rings the  Return of the king, the best movie i have ever seen. and , The music is fantastic, the acting excelent, i cant wait to watch this movie at home in my  70 inches  widescreen HDTV , and my Home theater...!!!!
 This is, without a doubt, the most underrated movie of 2003. This is Edward Zwick's crowning achievement and would be Tom Cruise's best performance if he hadn't been in "Born on the 4th of July". I enjoyed "Master and Commander but it is so 2nd rate to this. This movie is a beautiful story about a civil war captain, scarred by the way he saw the Native Americans get salughtered by his fellow troops, who is brought by fate to these very spiritual people (the samurai), who learn him their customs and heal his psychological wounds. When his old American comrades come to bring down the samurai, he does all he can to defend them.It is similar to "Dances with Wolves and "Lawrence of Arabia in that it is about a depressed man who changes his ways. But I think that this movie is ultimately superior to them. (Another thing, the art and costume design in this movie are breathtaking, another reason to see this movie). This movie deserved the 10 oscar nominations "Master & Commander recieved (including best picture).
 For those who have always believed in being a Samurai, or trying to relive their days in the era that Samurai roamed, the movie in a way gave people that perspective. Of course, it's through the eyes of an American, because as we know it, Americans can't always see things clearly, only through hardships and experience of other people's culture can they truly come to know the differences and traditions of other nationalities. To me, I personally liked the movie for many reasons, the soundtrack was one of the many things, but it was the drama put into the story. It's like that old series, "Shogun", about a sailor from the west who was shipwrecked in Japan and brought up to become a Samurai. Stories that involve a learning process and finally understanding the ways of another is what I love to see in my movies, so I really do applaud the movie for what it does.
 The Last Samurai was certainly a surprisingly refreshing escape from the many senseless movies that've recently been released into theatres. The movie was beautifully shot, paying close attention to detail, plus even the acting wasn't as dreadful as I'd expected it to be. To add to everything, the writers even had the sense to put in little sequences of comic relief, whether you found it remotely funny or not...  I thought the casting was fantastically done. It was interesting to see Tom Cruise playing such a role. Though not the best actor in the movie, he certainly did good enough of a job in developing his character throughout the course of the film. Ken Watanabe was excellent as Katsumoto. Also, I found it rather....different...when I found out that the lead actress, Koyuki, was 28 years old! Given the fact that so many "young actresses are casted in movies these days (unless they are the starring role), I just found that fact interesting...  Another good thing about this movie is that the Japanese characters actually speak Japanese to one another (there are subtitles, of course). There are numerous American films out there where peoples of different ethnicities end up speaking English to one another in the films, as opposed to their ethnic languages. This film, however, failed to follow that trend, which in my eyes made the entire atmosphere of the film much more authentic. Instead of the Japanese peoples speaking English to one another, the foreigner is forced to learn and adapt to the language of the Japanese instead.  Of course, this movie wasn't always perfectly unscathed. Given that it's an American film, you just had to expect its few "Hollywood moments. It's odd how Tom Cruise is able to defend himself from a gruop of samurais in the opening battle, and later degrades himself to a nobody when he fights against Katsumoto for the first time. Then there are the moments when everyone dies in a scene expect, you guessed it, good ol' Tom Cruise. Oh well, what's a Hollywood movie without these moments?  Overall, I'd highly recomment this movie. Unless you absolutely cannot stand the mere sight or thought of Tom Cruise, I'm quite confident that most audiences will enjoy this movie
 I saw this movie on the 28th of December.  I walked out of the theater very, very, very satisfied with the movie.  The audience was the worst audience I've ever sat through a movie with it.  If the audience is bad, it can ruin the movie, and make you like it half as much.  That's probably why it's only my second favorite movie.  (My favorite being Office Space)  Though this movie is rated R, it really isn't that bad.  There is blood, but no gore.  When someone gets stabbed, naturally, they're going to bleed.  When somone gets shot, naturally, they're going to bleed.  But, they're flesh isn't naturally going to be split apart.  This movie keeps it realistic.  To tell you what it's about
 "The Last Samurai is a breathtaking, historical, panorama that examines the blending of cultures and the clash of competing value systems. In this film, Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren a twelve year old boy who has moved from New Jersey to the California Coast with his single mom. While adjusting to his new environment, Algren practices Bushido (the way of the warrior) from an instruction book and from a few introductory classes that he learned at the local YMCA in his hometown.  He also befriends a local girl who, unfortunately is hounded by her ex-boyfriend, an arrogant and aggressive teenager who cruises around town with his friend on dirt bikes. When the ex-boyfriend catches Algren and the girl together a fight ensues and Algren is beaten and humiliated. This prompts Algren to go to the local Bushido dojo where unfortunately he discovers that the ex-boyfriend is the star pupil and the instructor is a sadist.  Fortunately, Algren meets Mr. Miyagi an old Samurai warrior who works as a handyman in Algren's rental unit. When Mr. Miyagi realizes Algren's dilemma he takes him on as his lone pupil and teaches him the way of Bushido. Mr. Miyagi orders Algren to paint his fence, wax his car, and strike girlie-man poses on a post by the sea shore all the while promising that this will teach him how to wield a Katana like no other Caucasian man has ever done before. And somehow it works. All of Mr. Miyagi's household chores turn out to be magic Samurai conditioning techniques that convert Algren into the Unstoppable White Warrior (UWW). From here an epic battle takes place between Algren and the ex boyfriend and his evil cohorts. I won't give away the outcome of this incredible battle scene except to say that Cruise does a lot of grunting, his eyes puff out during some of the more visceral moments of combat and his beard flutters in the wind like the calm of the butterfly.
 Way better than Lord of the Rings. The battle sequences were suberb and stunning. I loved the fighting and plot. Tom Cruise was awesome in acting in this movie. It was also historicly accurate. So you can learn from this film. It was very educational. It deserves some academy awards. If you like movies like Gladiator you'd pamper yourself by coming to this movie
 After picking up my HD DVD player I've had troubles watching regular DVD movies.  I had heard some good things about this movie but couldn't pass it up once it was in high definition.  The story is pretty good.  This is the story of Captain Algren who has been sent to Japan in the late 1800's in order to help them modernize the Japanese army as they go from fighting with swords and arrows to machine guns and cannons.  After the "modern Japanese army prematurely attacks the Samurai and lose horribly, Captain Algren is taken captive by the Samurai and introduced to their way of life and refusal to lay down the sword in the name of compliance.  In time, Captain Algren finds himself wanting to become one of the Samurai and learning more of their way of life.  The story is pretty good but what raises this up to the level of being outstanding is the high definition quality of the movie.  It was fantastic, especially seeing the colorful Japanese landscape in all of its magnificence.  If you like Tom Cruise action movies, this is one to pick up especially in high definition (whether it be Blu-Ray or HD DVD).  The violence can be extremely graphic (hey, this is war) so if you are sensitive to that you may want to look for something else.  Otherwise, the pacing of the movie is pretty good.  It isn't an all out gore-fest... there is action and then it breaks and lets you relax and catch up a little bit and then goes back to action and so on and so forth.
 Frankly i purchased this item just to know how a BD differ from a DVD on my HDTV using my newly purchased PS3. i chose this product cause it has a lot of natural & colorful scenes. the result was really amazing, visualy, blu-ray movies really surpasses DVD. i couldnt test the audio difference, cuz i only have 5.1 Sony decoder. the movie per say is a must see for all those who like action titles.
 I really enjoyed this movie  Edward Zwick , it was a masterpiece it had it all. Action, suspense, a love story, sympathetic characters. That musical score too man that was almost overwhelming. I really dont understand the criticisms for  the movie, except maybe its the biased, attitude that Americans have because this movie is a hit. Roger Ebert and Roper gave this movie critical acclaim. Its gathered a great rating on IMDB, the movie is beautifully acted, has a good story and has an epic feeling like the movie "Glory".  The movie also was a labor of love by all involved, the costume designs and background were absolute genius, and  even Tom Cruise was one of the producers for the film.  Catching an HBO special on it, you could tell Tom realized  he did something special with this film.  The story is that Tom plays a confederate like soldier ordered  to kill a group of Japanese warriors during the middle 18 century. He encounters and is captured by Katsumot (Ken  Watanabe). However instead of killing Nathan Algren, Katsumoto  keeps him alive so he can get info about the Emperor's men  that are attacking him and the American soldiers.  Algren then during his capture sees both sides of the story,  he realizes that Katsumoto is not the enemy, its the very  people that hired for the job that are the enemy, from  the corrupt officials in Asia who want to turn the country  into a capitalistic state with the salivating Americans  like Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwynn) ready to take advantage.  "The Last Samurai simply stated is an excellent movie, you will  not waste your time watching this movie, its an excellent flick  that deserves your viewing.
 I thought  The Last Samurai,  was an excellent movie.  I plan on keeping this DVD handy.  I have little doubt that I will watch this one many, many times.
 As a Japanese person, I watched this movie with much skepticism. I expected many stereotypes etc. I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it was an intesting twist how it took a  outsider  to convince the young emperor to make the stand he made at the end. Even Katsumoto wasn't able to do that. I think the emperor was reminded of the Samurai Spirit, ironically by a Westerner. The scene near the end, with the new machine guns from America, depicts with new beginning of modern Japan. It was sad to see how easily the Samurai was defeated. 1 by 1 like bowling pins, these greate warriors went down. It's as though they saved the  best  for last. So to me, those machine guns symbolized the modernization. I thought Katsumoto's character was great but thought Cruise's character was needed to complete the story. The  Seppuku , or suicide, is not an act of cowardice. It is an act of honor. It was considered the honorable way to die. It depicts the deepest dedication of the Samurai. You see this in the modern world today. Maybe not to this type of extreme. Sacrifice oneself for the love of country isn't so far fetched an idea. I think this world could use a little bid of that code of honor...
 Tom Cruise is a famous actor worldwide. Most of you have seen his work in various films, such as A Few Good Men or Jerry Maguire. However, Tom is back in a new movie, which takes the audience back into an era of the past - one that surrounds us in the days of the Civil War. Tom Cruise portrays a man named Nathan Algren, who is a hero during the Civil War, but is disillusioned of the terrible killings he had to perform under the leadership of Colonel Bagloney against the American Indians. He is hired, by the Japanese Emperor, to take down another rebellion by leading a army of Japanese peasants that never saw a gun in their life. Even though he trains them for a time, the rebels attack and Algren is ordered to track them down and defeat the adversary, despite the fact that more training is needed.  Fighting somewhere in the forests of Japan, his army is easily defeated and the rebels capture him and take him back to their village. Becoming a captive and not having a chance to escape, due to the fact that winter's coming, Algren spends his time with these people, already inspired and intrigued. He comes to learn that these people are "Samurai", who serve the Emperor and follow life through a different path and a set of principles that keep their life in balance, using such values as loyalty, duty, and compassion, just to name a few. Only one problem remains - Japan is facing a new modernized world and is seeking to keep up with the times by throwing away the traditions of old in favor of a more-friendly government. The rebellion, lead by a samurai named Katsumoto (portrayed by Ken Watanbe), despies that idea and fight back in order to keep their sacred ways alive. Gaining his sense of honor and redemption back, Algren joins the Samurai and aids them in a fierce battle that decides Japan's history for the rest of time.  The movie does have its dose of action scenes and story moments, but what really make this movie unique are its philosophical moments. The Samurai, as you know, are people that follow the way of the Bushido, the traditional code of the Japanese samurai, stressing honor, self-discipline, bravery, and simple living. It's the type of values that most people wish to live by, but the Samurai go far beyond that. If they are defeated in battle, then it means that they have dishonored themselves and their clan, thus will kill them for disgracing their families and those close to him or her. It's a tough life, to be sure, but it's the principles of their life that stands out. Tom Cruise said it best about the Samurai
 I enjoyed it both times I saw it on the big screen, but for some reason when I bought and watched it tonight it seemed so much better than the previous viewings. The love story is classy and not overdone as in most epics and the acting is wonderful. Tom Cruise delivers his most convincing role to date and this is one of the few parts I actually liked him in (thats saying a lot!). Of course, as mentioned in numerous reviews, Ken Watanabe steals the show as the Samurai leader and should have been awarded the Oscar over Tim Robbins. The action scenes are brutal and hold your interest, (SPOILERS!!!) but I didn't like the fact that Cruise was the only character to survive the final battle. Very unrealistic and is truly the only part that brings the film down a bit. Great cinematography and an excellent soundtrack as well. I must also mention the fact that very little CGI was used in this film and that just makes the battles and actual locations that much more believable. Don't waste money renting a movie you'll want to buy the next day. Add it to your collection to watch again and again!
 Amazing! The movie really brought out the true beauty of Japanese culture and history, as well as the violence and conflicts. During the movie one just sits there, awed in silence, feeling sadness and tragedy as one witnesses the demise and end of an ancient tradition and lifestyle, bushido (way of the warrior). My older sister, a well-known artist, couldn't stop commenting on the exquisite acting of Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada,etc. I recommend this movie to people to have an interest in the Orient and its history and to anyone who enjoys a movie with a touching story, rich in sentiment and that evokes emotion. Bless you all, thank you!
 The story is about a man haunted by his past in being part of a massacre of an Indian tribe. He can't sleep quietly since he is punished by nightmares about how he was forced to be and participate in something he clearly saw as wrong but had no other choice. Simply put this character is another poor life destroyed by war. He is hired by the Japanese to train the Imperial Army in the occidental ways at a time a week emperor allows his advisors to forget tradition an import the ways of "more advanced civilizations". In the process, the man gets captured by the samurai and during this captivity he begins not only to learn about their ways and philosophy, but also has peace for the first time in many years.  The Costume Design is incredibly accurate and the cinematography is absolutely superb. The music by Hans Zimmer is just beautiful, like another Gladiator epic. This movie is for people who love those little details. The production is really ambitious and works to deliver an astonishing view. This DVD is really promising with features like the "History vs. Hollywood
 You may think I am joking but Honestly, I enjoyed this movie from start to finish. I have found so many movies so boring of late that I just doze off during the performance. This movie tells a good story with well paced action scenes. Beautifully photographed and with a very nice music score throughout.
 Beautifully filmed with a plot that truly touches the heart. The cast chosen were oerfect and the theme was good. No regrets! Wating for the DVD to be released. A sure buy thing. I wanted to go watch it the 3rd time.
 Last Samurai is one of my all time favorite movies. It's often compared with "Dances With Wolves set in Japan, and indeed the plots are somewhat similar
 This movie is a thing of beauty, with the substance to match its style. A stunning spectacle of cultural violence and a loving tribute to the great Japanese samurai.
 The Last Samurai
 I was very impressed with this movie. More so for the costuming and scenery than the acting. Although the characters were very good and the actors chosen to play the roles did fine jobs. As a semi-historical film, it glossed over many of the international politics that affected Japan in that era. But it did a fine job of depicting one result of those politics. Samurai of the "old school saw their way of life slipping away, and being replaced by a style of warfare they felt was dishonorable. They also feared more foreign intervention in the coming years, and saw a gradual eroding of their Emporer's power.  This is one of the few Tom Cruise movies that I felt he didn't try to carry the whole film. It achieved a fairly good balance of allowing the characters to all enjoy an importance in the film that made it more informative and enjoyable to watch.  I was impressed with this film, and highly recommend it.
 I'm really not one to write movie reviews, I enjoy them for what they are and don't usually care enough to actually publish something about them.  However, for this film I will make an exception.  First off, gorgeous scenary.  There is a scene with Tom Cruise practicing a sword kata with the sun setting in the background ... it's beautiful.  There are many wonderful scenes in the movie.  Secondly, the plot is about transformation and self forgiveness.  I don't care if it's been "done before", this is a common archetype in all cultures and times and it is well portrayed through this film.  I find it well done, quite emotionally gripping at times.  The action in this film is great, Star Wars eat your heart out.  I grew up in a traditional martial art family, and Tom Cruise did a very solid job with the sword play in this movie.  The star wars films drove me nuts, but maybe you don't need proper body mechanics when you have "the force".  Anyways, good work in the martial arena as well in this film.  Finally, I saw this film three times in theatres and everytime people cried.  Seriously.  Everytime the end came around at least one person both men & women cried.  Very well done film.
 The Last Samurai is a great movie, good story, very entertaining.  I'd recommend seeing this movie as soon as it comes out on DVD if you haven't seen it yet. This movie is not a study in phenomenology and existential philosophy, but a good movie that made tears come to my eyes and that doesn't happen too often. I thought this movie was better than the Lord of the Rings, though I'd guess that that comes from actually reading the books.
 I'm actually surprised how anyone can bash this film, although when I came to this review section I quickly understood why. The bashers
 This film is a must see!!!  Tom reaches deep down for the emotions expressed in this film.  You feel every ounce of his anguish and regret for the terrible things he's done in his war days. I agree with the critics (something I rearely do...) when they say this film is of epic porportions.....  This film moved me very deeply, but it also had a touch of humor here and there..just enough. I can't wait until it's released so I can see it again!!!!
 This movie is one of my favorites very entertaining. I wanted a personal copy so that I could turn on the subtitles and be able to follow along during the Japanese dialog.
 This movie is amazing.  I have it on DVD, but the Blue-Ray is so much better.  All the action scenes look so real, almost like you are there.  Highly recommend.
 The Last Samurai is an outstanding film that tells the fictional story of Captain Nathan Algren (Cruise), a soldier haunted by regrets hired to train raw Japanese recruits to fight the Samurai, and Samurai leader Katsumoto (Watanabe), who is leading a rebellion in Japan against those who he believes are westernizing the country too quickly. Algren ends up becoming a prisoner of the Samurai, but after spending a number of months as their captive, subsequently finds peace in their way of life. Eventually, he joins forces with the men he was hired to fight against.  Not only is the plot interesting and original, but the performances of the actors are nothing short of amazing. Tom Cruise puts forth an outstanding effort, which I consider his best ever. Ken Watanabe is perfect as Katsumoto, commanding even more attention than Cruise, and all of the secondary characters are equally convincing in their roles. Some of the highlights include Koyuki as Taka, Hiroyuki Sanada as Ujio, and Timothy Spall as Simon Graham.  The execution of the battle scenes was excellent. This can be attributed to a cast full of professional sword-fighters as extras and Cruise and Watanabe doing all their own stunts. As seen in the extras, the progression of Cruise's skills with a sword isn't staged, either. Sanada and others spent hours working with him every day until he could handle a blade with precision.  Having seen this film a dozen times, I can also say I honestly am not able to find many mistakes in the filming and editing, either. The ones I have noticed are hidden well, and none of them take away from the film in any way. There are a few lines in the script that come across as slightly bland or predictable, but overall the script is very well written. Tom Cruise actually speaks Japanese in a handful of scenes, and he does it well.  What really makes the movie, on top of everything else, is the beautiful score composed by Hans Zimmer. Though he often recycles his scores and changes them very little, this one is unique and powerful.  The Last Samurai's historical accuracy isn't as poor as some reviewers would suggest, but it is a work of fiction. On the special edition of this DVD, 2 deleted scenes are included, along with "the filming of one of the scenes, and "the filming of the Cruise beheading scene. There is also a handful of interviews and a look at the real history of the decline of the Samurai in Japan.  All in all, The Last Samurai is an extremely entertaining and convincing film. The special edition of this DVD is well worth the extra few dollars, and it has become one of my all time favorite movies.
 When I watch a movie that I enjoy, I'll watch it many times with months in between to allow it to breath. If I can find more depth and meaning each time, I consider it more than just a film, it becomes a teaching about life. Such is my finding for this exceptional movie. It offers up a wide variety of important, even vital, lessons of life portrayed to perfection by everyone involved. The writing, directing, acting, locations, depth of meaning are all most excellent! In today's world we often race by the more subtle and beautiful aspects of life. A movie such as this calls forth pause and consideration of what is being served up for our enlightenment as well as our enrichment. The Last Samurai is about the redemption of humanity as well as the individual- the awakening to a deeper level of life, honor, purpose, self sacrifice, and pure, love. While watching this film for perhaps the 7th time, I fully realized that it is a true masterpiece. I suggest to the viewer, that they treat this film as one would a rare and fine wine. The point is to take your time with this film, sipping it slowly and savoring every drop of it's wonderful bouquet of thoughts and emotions, and in the end become enriched by an understanding what films have the potential of delivering and sadly also, what they seldom do and that is a fuller appreciation of "life in every breath. I had no interest in seeing THE LAST SAMURAI when it was in theaters.  Then recently I caught a portion of the movie on a cable channel and knew immediately I had to have the DVD.  Since I got it, I have watched it 3 or 4 times.  I am totally in awe of the acting performances in THE LAST SAMURAI.  While I have never been a Tom Cruise fan (the publicity about him does not sway me one way or the other), this movie has given me a great appreciation of his talent.  It made me also realize what a tremendous amount of preparation work and physical training it takes for an actor to develop the skills for his roll.  Other performances in the movie were exceptional, especially that of Ken Watanabe.  If you have never seen THE LAST SAMURAI, don't have a clue what it is all about, or don't think its subject matter would interest you, take a chance.  If you don't want to buy it (the price is right), rent it.  After you have seen it, you will want to own it.  Don't like Tom Cruise?  Don't let that stop you.  My husband doesn't like him, yet he loved this movie.  His remark
 My favorite element of this movie is Tom Cruise as modern man finding Solace in the ancient ways of Japan.  It is a powerful analogy which explores what it means to be succesful in society and what it means to be a modern man.  Something I often wonder about while thinking of my legacy.
 I so wanted to hate this film, the whole Hollywood schtick of white people coming in to rescue poor savages sickens me. Therefore I avoided it, every single time it came on cable I would change the channel scoffing at its very existence. Then with a bout of insomnia I stayed up late and caught the first half...I was hooked there after. I enjoyed the development of the relationship between Mr Cruise and Mr Watanabe's characters and by far Mr Watanabe was the better actor, a shame that his skill was not recognized. It is a story of growth and acceptance in the face of overwhelming odds. I found myself moved, although there were strains of "Dancing with Wolves I was intrigued enough by the story to overlook it.
 This epic film has to be one of Tom Cruise's best efforts. The story is not about war, instead it is about the culture, spirit and way of the Samurai. It was such a disappointment that this film did not get the recognition it deserved. Ken Watanabe's performance was simply outstanding. Tom Cruise put his heart and soul into this film. He is such a powerful actor!
 Terrific action-packed movie.  No dull moments here.  Tom Cruise plays a misplaced American soldier hired to help transform Japan's feudal military into a modern Western one.  In the process he is captured in battle and exposed to the samurai way of life which he ultimately embraces.  An intriguing look into this arcane culture.  Director Edward Zwick's cinematic direction and Hans Zimmer's scoring makes "The Last Samurai appealing on so many different levels.  But it's Ken Watanabe's razor-sharp performance and Koyuki's stunning elegance that steal the show.  A definite 5-star entertainment film.
 Don&#8217;t have to say much here. This is an action film in the no-tongue-in-check, classic sense, of films like &#8220;In the Line of Fire,&#8221; &#8220;Rob Roy,&#8221; and so on, a true action film. Absolutely worth watching and owning. It is one of Cruise&#8217;s best performances. I just wish there were more films like this. Empowering.  -- Michael Erlewine, Founder of the All-Movie Guide (allmovie.com)
 I have never been a Tom Cruise fan.....until now! The Last Samurai is one of the best movies I have ever seen and it is by far Tom Cruise's best role. Also adding to the film's greatness is the performance by KEN WATANABE as Katsumoto.  He is an incredible actor!!!  To put it simply.....you do not want this film to end.  It is one that you will want to watch over and over again.
 Of late, I have found a lot of Cruise movies to be little more than crap on a stick. And when I saw the commercials when this movie came out in the movies, I couldnt help but laugh. However after reading a bunch of good reviews, I decided to go see it. I was honestly blown away. It is a solid epic movie, which can drawn comparison to the blockbuster Gladiator (another of my favorites).   This is a movie based solely around the notion of ideals. And the unique storytelling is what makes it an epic-type. Of course there is the great battle and everything that leads up to it will either make you love the movie or just utterly hate it. But what i found best served the movie was the fact that it didnt try to add any torrid romance to it. Thank goodness Zwick understood that making a movie about the morals of the Samurai and adding a couple extra sex scenes wouldnt work.   Basically, if you like  epic  movies like Gladiator, this is a great movie for you to watch.
 This is a movie that is great and which exceeds beyond movie limits. It has action, a great plot, and great actors. 10 stars for this movie!
 Now this is what I like.Courage...Honor...respect...Fighting for a cause not just some measly paycheck that is not worth the soul it is printed on. Real values. It is ashame that Honor is not taken more seriously by anyone other than old Japanese warriors. Because It is the only thing that defines a man, not his purse.
 This movie, was incredible, simply put.  Such a mix of romance and honor, all beautifully blended together.  Tom Cruise does a WONDERFUL job in this film, playing a troubled man who took part in killing innocent indian tribes, who takes a job in Japan training japanese soldiers who would be trained to supress rebel forces led by Samurai Katsumoto, who believed that Japan was progressing into modern culturization too fast, and resisted political advisors that were urging the Emperor to do just that, become more western, and modern.  Katsumoto's tribe of Samurai defeat the  unit led by Capt Algren (Cruise) and capture him.  He is held in captivity with the Samurai, and thrives off the peace that is afforded him there.  He begins dwell in the same way he observes the people do in the village, and learns honor with the help of Katsumoto.  In the battle preceding his capture, Algren kills Samurai Horutoru,  Katsumoto's brother in law, and his caretaker Kata's husband.  During his time in this village, Kata is repulsed by Algren, troubled with the death of her husband.  As cruise learns the ways of these people, and japanese, he gives his formal apology to Kata, who surprises him by replying that he did his duty, and so did her husband, and that the apology was accepted.  As his status as a 'stray dog' is gently brushed aside, he gradually becomes accepted.  When an assassin team of ninja attempt to kill Katsumoto, he refutes his american heritage and helps keep Katsumoto alive.  In the end, as a desperate attempt at saving the village in which Katsumoto's ancestors had worked so hard to build and protecet, Katsumoto and Algren lead an army of Samurai warriors against the rebuilt japanese army.  Witnessing this scene was so sad.  A doomed attempt.  Since Samurai refuse to bear firearms, they were vastly at a disadvantage, against the cannons and the new automatic turrets.  As a final test of honor, the remaining samurai charge the army, only to be vicously mowed down in the heat of battle.  In a final touching moment,  Algren and Katsumoto, wounded, Katsumoto perhaps fatally, contemplate Katsumoto's suicide in honor, only to end in the deed being done and Algren witnessing the utmost peace in death in honor.  He Presents Katsumoto's sword to the emperor,  who realizes that he had been wrong to let his 'advisors' lead him around too much, and that it was wrong to forget his honor. A simply AWE inspiring film, a must see, for anyone.
 I was very impressed by this film. The characters portrayed much emotion and realism. The ending was quite emotional too. This is one of the rare films that the would be bad guys are actually good. I was very touched. The extras on the second disc were pretty good, I liked the history of the film and the era which it takes place. I rented, I saw, I bought. Enough said. MF
 While it may not be historically accurate and exact does anyone know of any film created in Hollywood that is?  I mean come on folks, it's Hollywood.  And I love Hollywood because mostly it's all entertaining.  The Last Samurai is entertaining and somewhat historically accurate, but the best thing about this movie to me is the underlying message.  The one about Honor.  Duty.  Bushido and the Samurai way.  If you've ever wondered about the Samurai or heard about them but didn't quite  get it , watch this movie.  Then you will  get it .  The mind, the culture, the beauty of the Japanese(Samurai) mind.  I saw this movie the same week that I saw the 3rd Lord of the Rings, and my first comment upon leaving the theater was,  Wow that was 10 times better than the Lord of the Rings .  For me it was and it is.  Enjoy.
 Let me just say that this movie could have so easily been a horrible romance flick.  They could have had trashy love scenes and cheesy personal moments. I believe that they handled the material and relationships between actors WONDERFULLY. Additionally, this movie had quite a few accurate historical moments and weapons. I highly recommend this flick.
 As a Japanese living in the United Staes, I can say totally, that this film is amazing. There're some critics says Tom Cruise's acting and so on, however, this film sucessfully depicts the history of Japan, and people's traditional lives and the end of samurai era.  This is a spectacular movie with sweeping sword actions and it is based on the true history events in japan, I've seen a lot of samurai movies(made in japan for japanese) but i can say this one is GREAT as the other movies, plus this is not usual hollywood movies that  awfully depicts samurais and even Yakuzas and brush off the truth.   I can say, however, without Tom Cruise, this movie could have also been great as well. But i would guess that it is because of him, this movie gained more attention among people and so typical americans can get the idea of what samurai really is and what they really think.  so overall i gave this movie 5 stars. I plan to go watch it again.
 It's 1876. Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been sent to Japan in order to help the Imperial Japanese Army become more 'modern' and less 'traditional' and ultimately prepare them to fight the legendary Samurai. Events occur that cause Tom Cruise to be a captive of the deadly but extremely polite Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who is the leader of the Japanese Samurai. At this point, the viewer begins to learn why the Samurai are fighting to preserve their way of life against Western influences and Cruise's character becomes emotionally bound to them and he integrates himself into their society after working hard to earn their trust. However, the film is not solely about the struggle for the Samurai to keep their way of life, another subplot includes the low key and shy love relationship between Algren and Taka, a quiet widow (played with subtlety by Koyuki). Though it isn't a big part in the film, it highlights the emotional aspect of the film and shows that this is not a film about swords.  Positive Points
 A civil war Captain travels to Japan to help them train (using guns and bullets) to fight Samurai Warriors so that the Emperor can bring the western civilization to their country. Tha Samurai think the Emperor does not want this, so act to fight anyone that makes any changes to their country. What happens next is amazing and extremely truthful to ones eye. There is so much more to this movie, especially with the great acting and action and what not, that it turns out to be a MUST SEE motion picture, and I mean ASAP.  This picture will win awards easily. A great motion picture!
 I did not consider myself as a Tom Cruise fan, that is until I bought this DVD and sat through it three times in two days. There is a terrific sound track that compliments the phenomenal camera work and first class acting by all the cast. The battle scenes and the fights are so good I found them spell binding. Special effects were brilliant. The suppressed emotion between Algren and Taka which turns from hate to love was beautifully done. When the Samurai hero dies he says  Perfect . A suitable label for this production. I thoroughly reccommend it.
 THE LAST SAMURAI is for many of us a Sleeper of a movie.  The media mania was so high at the release time in the theaters that it seemed by the trailers that this was another massively expensive Epic riding on the Big Name Star vehicle.  Sadly, I avoided seeing this beautiful film on the big screen
 I love Drama/Epic movies, but The Last Samurai blew me away. It is the best movie in a couple of years. I loved the Acting, Cast and of course the whole place where it was shot.  The settings were beautiful.  I recommend this movie to everyone, awesome movie. I would give it 10 stars if there would be 10 stars. The only movie I can compare this to is Braveheart, but even that one didn't move me as much as The Last Samurai. Buy it now and never get rid of it!!
 FROM START TO FINISH, MR. ZWICK'S ENORMOUSLY BRILLIANT UNDERTAKING OF AN EPIC AND INSTANT CLASSIC, UNFOLDS IN SUCH SEAMLESS, BEAUTIFUL FASHION, THE 2 1/2 HOURS RUNNING TIME SEEMS ALL TO SHORT!  TOM CRUISE, KEN WATANABE, TONY GOLDWYN, AND ALL THE GREAT CAST PLAY THEIE PARTS WITH SUCH EASE AS WELL AS BRILLIANCE, THAT EXCEPT FOR LORD OF THE RINGS RETURN OF THE KING, THIS FILM WOULD/SHOULD IN FACT WALKED AWAY WITH THE OSCARS! THE FINAL, SPECTACULAR BATTLE SEQUENCE IS AMONGST THE FINEST EVER FILMED-DEEPLY MOVING AND HEROIC AS WELL. THE DVD TRANSFER IS MAGNIFICENT AS IS THE AUDIO-1 COMPLAINT THOUGH-WARNER BROTHERS DVD GET WITH THE PROGRAM ALREADY, OK??  WHY NO DTS ON ONE OF YOUR MOST PRESTIGIOUS FILMS OF THE YEAR?  CMON, WB I EXPECT MORE FROM WB PROBABLY THAN ANY OTHER COMPANY OUT THERE BUT THEY ARE TRULY BEHIND IN AUDIO AS FAR AS USING THE DTS FORMAT!  THAT'S MY ONLY COMPLAINT WITH AN OTHERWISE MAGNIFICENT DVD OF A REMARKABLE FILM.  DISC 2 IS JAMMED PACK WITH SO MANY GOOD EXTRAS, I'VE NOT HAD THE TIME TO VIEW ALL OF IT BECAUSE I'VE BEEN WATCHING THE MOVIE OVER AND OVER!  BRAVOS TO ALL INVOLVED.
 The modern landscape of hollywood can leave many of us quite depressed with a great void within us. We yearn for movies of subtance. Movies that have some soul... movies that make you think and feel, all while keeping you entertained. The effects laden, poorly scripted, commericial marketing schemes that pass as movies these days leave me for one wondering what happeend to the days when movie making was an art and not a franchise. But then, just as all hope seems lost along comes a movie like this to renew my faith in hollywood's abillity to put together a masterpiece. The Last Sammuri takes place in the late 19th century, as america is in the end of the Indian wars (just after Custer's defeat at little big horn). At this time Japan is a nation undergoing remarkable change. The new Emperor has begun to modernize the formerly feudal nation at lightning speeds. Thus the stage is set in this oriental land for war between the old ways and the new ways. A rebellion of Sammuri warriors, who reject many of the new western ways has begun. The Japanese are at this time seeking advisors from all over the world to aid in thier modernization, including seeking military advisors from america to help train, update and lead the imperial army. An American Captain (Tom Cruise), a veteran of the indian wars, is hired towards this end - much thanks to the fact that he has experience fighting tribal leaders (the movie draws on the similarities between the sammuri and native american warriors). But Tom Cruise gets captured in the first encounter with the sammuri, and after living amongst these amazing people and learning thier ways, finds his own salvation in thier cause.  The plot isn't very complicated, but is rich in historical context and philisophical themes. All the charcters in the movies are very well done, and the acting in this film with only a few minor exceptions was absolutley fantastic (especially the portrayal of Katsomoto, which was just a brilliant performance). The last sammuri has a little of everything. This is a movie that you will feel. You'll laugh, you'll be inspired, you'll be anxious, and you may even get a little watery eyed at some of the more tender moment. There's martial arts, humor, sword fighting, ninjas, battles, love, philosophy, drama - you name it. The movie has some great action sequences and battle scenes but these are not over-done - there is much more. The movie feels almost poetic at times, and the cinematogrophy is beautifully done. Many gorgeous shots are in the movie. And, unlike many movies, the slower scenes don't leave you yawning but are very well done.The music and audio too, was top notch, some of the best I've seen in a while. all in all this became one of my all time favorite movies the moment I saw it. Many of the ellements reminded me of a slightly less gritty version of brave heart. And while Im not sure about the historical accuracy of the plot, the film does an AMAZING job depicting the beauty of japanese culture and the fascinating ways of the sammuri. Context-wise, the film hit it right oin the nose in terms of accuracy and really got it's points across all while being very entertaining. And while some people may feel it a bit slow-paced, I found every last moment of the last sammuri to be a pleasure.  I wouldnt hesitate to call this a masterpiece and the best film of the year.
 I know it appears like Western culture is selfish and materialistic in comparison to the Eastern Asian experience. But, to be bold, I declare that it is so in the context of the time and place. There is good and ill in every social framework, and unlike a Costner film that shall remain unnamed, Samurai doesn't preach such a dogma.  Instead, the film lifts you above it, and illustrates a fundamental truth of the human condition. It does not blunt us over by our shortsightedness; it enlightens us with the truth, and reminds us that we are susceptible to succumbing to inner demons of wealth, power, and accumulation. What matters most are not the tangible treasures that surround us, but the inner intangible treasures that define us. Our pleasure, our pain, our trials and struggles. Our victories...and our monumental failures. They establish who we are, and how we lived, and if at least one person remembers that, then we shall find life again.  Perhaps, in some small way, that's what this movie has done. While not entirely historically correct, and not without it's grandiose notions of good and evil evident in a traditional epic of scope, what The Last Samurai does is remind us of that greater truth, the greater potential inside each and every one of us. Like the blossoms of the peach tree, they ultimately fall, but are born again in each subsequent generation that remembers and chooses to follow a similar path. And, if one looks carefully enough as the light fades in Autumn, one will see that each and every petal is indeed "perfect. As a man who loves Kurawowa and other films of this genre, when I saw Tom Cruise was making this, I thought, "You have got to be kidding....... Then I saw parts of his Oprah stint and said, "Plllleeeease. Once again I underestimated Tom.  Sorry about that TC.   The film was magnificent.  I would have to say it is Oscar worthy, but those dumbasses who do the judging do not know anything about foreign films.  Crouching Tiger deserved best pic darn it!!!!  I cannot believe The Last Samurai was not nominated for best picture.
 An American Civil War "hero is asked to travel to Japan in order to help the Emperor fight against the rebellion of the legendary Samurai, protectors of the country for centuries. When captured by the enemy, the American is asked to stick around for "conversations with the leader of the samurai, who in turn, teaches the Yank a thing or two about life. The film is brilliant in that way because it allows us to connect our own tainted dreams, hopes and ambitions to Cruise's journey through the higher mindedness of the Samurai. talk about an amazing transformation and outlook on life. I always believed that much of that Zen stuff was just plain double-talk, but this film is amazing in both its depth of character interaction and preciseness of dialogue, through which great thought and resonance is placed upon every scene, every word and every action sequence. To that end, consider how almost every person who perished in this film affected me emotionally, during even its most violent scenarios. It's also to note that if actor Ken Watanabe, playing the all-powerful Katsumoto, doesn't receive an Oscar nomination for his part in this film, consider me to be the uncle of a monkey. And did I mention the film's intense and pointed musical score? Yup, Hans Zimmer is back with yet another perfect addition to the film's many strengths and a rousing score that was still buzzing in my head as I washed away the tears of the characters gone by. And before I forgot about one of the film's greatest attributes, consider its all-out sword-fighting, arrow-flinging all of which rival any other action scene from any film this year (which is saying quite a bit) and are pretty gosh-darn brutal to boot. And did you know that the film has ninjas too? Hand to God! In fact, the ninja/samurai head-to-head is about as bloody and furious as they get. Loved it all. Phew. But there's more,
 SPOILERS INCLUDED  THE LAST SAMURAI is one of the best efforts of Tom Cruise's uneven and strange career. Very loosely based on actual events, THE LAST SAMURAI recounts the story of the Satsuma Rebellion of 1877, when the Samurai forced the last stand of traditional Japanese culture against the the modernizing influences of the Meiji Restoration.  As part of his drive to bring Japan into the family of nations the Meiji Emperor hired literal armies of foreign advisors. In the film Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, a survivor of Gettysburg who later served under Custer and fought Indians on the frontier. The brutalities he has seen have rendered Captain Algren a nightmare-ridden and viciously cynical drunkard. Recruited to go to Japan and train the modern Japanese Army by his despised former superior, Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), Algren at first adopts the endemic sneering attitude toward the Samurai shared by the "modernizers". However, the more he hears of the Samurai, the more respect Algren begins to accord them, much to the disgust of his fellows.  When his green army is forced into a premature engagement with the Samurai, Algren is captured and held prisoner by the Samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Watanabe is the true star of this film. His powerful but understated performance is electric, and Katsumoto's character expresses the best of the Bushido Code and of Japanese tradition. As Algren observes his enemies (and they observe him), hatred mellows into distrust, distrust mellows into acquiescence, acquiescence mellows into acceptance, acceptance becomes respect, and respect becomes liking, and then true friendship. Algren, the professional soldier, comes to see the Bushido Code and the disciplined lifestyle of his captors as the highest expression of his own art---the Art of War. When battle comes, Algren casts his lot with the Samurai.  Although given a safe passage to Tokyo, Katsumoto is unable to sway the young and timid Meiji Emperor, his former student, who is as much a prisoner of the "modernizers as Algren had been of the Samurai traditionalists. Hostilities flare again when Omura (Masato Harada) the chief of the "modernizers tries to have Katsumoto assassinated. The Samurai withdraw into the mountains and prepare for the final battle. When it comes, the Samurai nearly overwhelm their opponents, but armed with cannons and gatling guns, the modern army is insurmountable. In the end, only Algren survives to bring Katsumoto's sword to the Emperor. Although Algren is spat upon by Omura, the Meiji Emperor is so moved by Katsumoto's reverence for the old ways that he orders Omura to commit seppuku. In the end, the cowardly Omura merely exiles himself.  THE LAST SAMURAI had only a lukewarm reception in the United States. Some reviewers felt that the character of Captain Algren was of the "White Man's Burden ilk, that the film was disrespectful of the American historical experience, and that the Samurai were overidealized. Much of this can be put down to a festering dislike of Cruise in the wake of his divorce from Nicole Kidman. However, the film was wildly successful in Japan, and many moviegoers left the theaters in tears, moved by the powerful depiction of traditional Japanese values in the character of Katsumoto and his fellow Samurai. While it is true that much of the Bushido Code was vastly oversimplified in the telling, the essence of Samurai values permeates the film, which, after all, is a form of entertainment, not a philosophical discussion.  The "Extras disc is an "Extras disc. Once a pastiche of fascinating folderol, "Extras discs have degenerated into a predictable melange of "The Making Of...", pointless commentaries, and deleted scenes we wish had stayed deleted. This one isn't much different, though it does have a nice "Hollywood vs. History segment that discusses the real samurai, in truth largely a repressive and regressive elite that had outlived themselves in the 19th century. What might have been very interesting would have been a discussion of how the Bushido Code was institutionally perverted into racist militarism in the first half of the 20th century. The segment barely touches on that subject.  A vast and sweeping epic in the vein of <a href="http
 You already have the story line, so I won't repeat that.  This film shows Cruise's maturation as a SERIOUS actor - finally!!  The other performances are also fantastic; the actors are obviously all serious, veteran actors. (They should have an Academy Award for "Best Casting"; and this film should have won it.)  The film is often graphic (e.g., the final battle scene); but at other times extremely delicate, subtle and sublime (e.g., Cruise's scenes with the wife and children of the man whom he killed in battle). Often not a word is said - but the eyes, body movements, and lighting speak to us in soft tones.  The Japanese actress KOYUKI (who plays "Taka", widow of the warrior Cruise kills in battle near the beginning) is BOTH fantastically beautiful and a most subtle and superb actor.  (Koyuki makes Sophie Marceau and Charlize Theron pale by comparison.)  This movie is a MUST!
 I bought the DVD when it came out, but didn't watch it 'til about a week ago.  I get the feeling it's going to be one I'll return to rather frequently.  The acting, for the most part, is first rate.  I seemed to me that the story is as much about philosophy as it is about action/history.  One can see the power of one's heritage being overrun simply because something is 'inevitable'.  We can, of course, apply that to our own society in many ways.  As I was sitting and watching, I was amazed at just how much I was enjoying the movie on several levels.  Highest rating from me.
 Wow!! In his opening scene, when Tom Cruise fires his Winchester above the heads of the assembled host, he's shooting a "Rifleman's Special.  I suspect that only those who grew up watching Chuck Connors will see it, but there it is.  A beautiful thing to behold.  Meanwhile (speaking of beholding....), this is a first class movie.  One of the all too rare "blockbusters that transcends the cliche.  The movie quite sensitively depicts both the clash of East and West and their reconciliation whilst ultimately telling the story of the End of Things, the destruction of a Way of Life.  It is a one of those very rare not-to-be-missed movies.
 I was a bit skeptical before seeing this movie, but with all the rave reviews it was getting, I figured I would give it a try. Certainly, I was glad I did, because it is thus far, my favorite Cruise movie. He does an excellent job at making his character awestruckingly real, which is of course, the result of talented acting. Watanabe also has a breakthrough role, in which he is part of a group of legendary samurai warriors. This movie is a burrito of action, suspense, and drama all rolled up into one. Usually, movies that attempt to blend all these aspects together do a terrible job, but Last Samurai succeeds by a grand scale. Easily among my favorites.
 ...Whose fought for a forgotten word...Honor .   Last samurai's a movie that brings to the western public a point of view very different about the way to live in the ancient Japan, bringing us back the lost proud of honor (with an eastern tonic). But the main message in the movie is not just see how the samurais fought in battelfield, and cut the throats of their enemies, or how the technology crushed the samurais, no this is not the real point or message, the big deal is that we must remember who we are and where we come from. Now if we look around the dressing, make up and efx, we can move into that age in the ancient Japan, and we learn an important message that master Tsu's ever told... Empty and Full,  Empty is your enemy when he decides to attack you and you are waiting for his attack, so your troops are full and their troops are empty of energy . The example of the Demopolis attack made by persians in the old Greece, was very accord with the last battle, when it's explained by Tom Cruise (Nathan Algren) to Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)and he used the word  million  and 300, drawing to the samurai that
 This movie being categorized as action, pretty much misrepresents what it's about.  Yes, it has action in it (amazing battle scenes), however it's central theme has to deal with honor, the loss of it, and the loss of a way of life in exchange for a more modern society.  On the one hand you have the Japanese civilization in the middle of adopting a more Western style of living, and on the other you have the Samurai, more than willing to die fighting to keep Japanese tradition alive.    Now, some people say the title of this movie refers to Tom Cruise's character, others (including me) say it refers to Watanabe's character, Katsumoto, who loosely represents the real life Saigo Takamori, the real life samurai who was considered the actual  last samurai .  Some reviewers also describe Tom's character, Algren, as the white man who swoops in to save the day.  I say he was simply a bystander caught up in the events of history.  It's not impossible to believe that a white man can get involve with the samurai, since this idea is borrowed from actual history of a westerner who adopts the samurai way of life during the rise of the Shogunate.    No matter who's name is credited first though, it wouldn't be much of a movie without the cast.  With that said, Ken Watanabe, Hiro Sanada, and Koyuki make this movie.  No offense to Tom Cruise since he was impressive in doing all of his own sword work.  However, it is obvious that his character takes a back seat to what is supposedly the secondary plot of the samurai.  Frankly, this isn't Cruise's movie, it simply has Cruise in it.
 I have never been a fan of Tom Cruise, but after watching this movie my opinion of him has slowly begin to change.  Granted, Cruise is a good actor, but there are several others I would place ahead of him in terms of acting ability and on camera congeniality.  Nevertheless, I believe The Last Samurai is one of Tom Cruise's best films, if not his best film ever, because he does an outstanding job of portraying the role of Capt. Nathan Algren;  Algren is a Civil War and Indian War veteran who is tortured over the atrocities he has viewed and committed on the front lines.  These experiences have transformed Algren into a man filled with bitterness and cynicism and driven him to embrace alcohol as his escape mechanism from reality.   Cruise does an excellent job of capturing this particular spirit in the film.  Even though Cruise's performance is excellent, the film is only bolstered by the performances by the performances of Watanabe and the rest of the cast.  Watanabe was simply terrific as the Samurai warlord, Katsumoto.  On screen he exuded a kind of gentle but stern warrior aura, and showed he was a man of astute intellectual abilities.  In his performace Watanabe displayed all the qualities and characteristics that were essential to the Samurai.  Besides the performances the battle sequences and costumes were spectacular.  In addition, the scenery and setting were also very good and captured the atmosphere of a 19th century Japan that was experiencing rapid Westernization.  At several instances in the film it is easy to see vestiges of traditional Eastern Japansese culture stand side by side with modern Western culture.  Last but not least, the musical score by Hans Zimmer is phenomenal. As always, Zimmer delivers a rousing an emotional score that complements the film and actually heightens the sensitivity at certain crucial moments of the film. My only criticism of this movie is that Tom Cruise was focued upon too much.  It would have been nice if the other characters, Ujio, Taka, and Katsumoto, received more screen time since they were all so likeable and each delivers a great performance.  Slight criticism aside, this is one of my favorite movies of all time and one I would recommend to virtually anyone who asked.
 By far this is the best movie that I've seen in a long while.  Not only does it depict strong issues about honor, trust, integrity, values, sound morals, lodyalt, duty, and respect, but it also shows a deeper sense of love and loving than I've seen ages.  Here is a movie full of passionate love, but no blatant sex acts.  Yeah!!!  That was a wonderful departure from the norm.  Ken Watunabe's role was AWESOME!!!  This is a great movie.
 I can't find the words to describe this truly amazing movie. I was not a huge fan of Tom Cruise, but since it looked like it would be pretty good from the preview, I decided I had to see it. This movie exceeded my expectations. Tom Cruise really surprised me and delivered such a wonderful performance in this movie. I feel that this movie was a gipped from being nominated for an Oscar. I thought for sure it would have been. If the Last Samuari had been nominated for an Oscar, and if, The Lord of the Rings
 This Movie by far is the best movie I have ever seen in my entire life!!!!! No kidding! Its about damn time they came out with a movie like this! I'm surprised to see Tom Cruise in it for I had under estimated his acting abilities! I give him as well as Ken Watanabe great props!!!! They are truly wonderful actors and now one of my most favorites..... I cant tell you how great this movie was! It moved me in sooooo many ways... Ways as in the movie having parts that were funny, a lot of actions parts, and the best of all the dramatic parts... I like seriously cried 3 times!!! And I havn't done sooo in a long time when watching a movie!!! That just tells you how more powerful this movie is!!! It takes you there with all the Japanese Samurais and gives you another perspective on that kind of people.... Leaving the movies had me at a higher respect and a new look at the Japanese culture! for I give a lot of respect to them and what they've done!!!    This movie has been definitly life changing for me and I recommend it to Everyone!!!!!
 I was bored one Sunday evening and happen to catch this on TV.  I really had no anticipation that it would be a good movie.  I was wrong.  It has a full spectrum of emotions running through it.  Tom Cruze is not my favorite actor but he was suburb in this movie.  I immediately bought it from Amazon on Blue Ray.  Highly recommend it.
 I had owned this dvd and watched it many times! This is a cinematic spectacle with lush cinematography and action, as well as a fantastic storyline! I wanted to watch it one day and could not find it! I literally went right to amazon.com and ordered it and am happy I did. It definately makes my top 25 films of all time in a collection of over 7000 titles! Go out and get this movie if you have not seen it. You'll be glad you did! Michael
 This is one of the best action movies since interview with the vampire. Don't know how anyone can rate it less than 5 stars. Great drama/action. 
 THE LAST SAMURAI doesn't stand up to anything by Kurosawa, but it did prove that Tom Cruise could act, and it is a very watchable film. For one thing, Ken Watanabe, and Koyuki were simply superb, the cinematography, costuming, battle scenes, and music were glorious, and despite the highly fictionalized portrayal of samurai in this period of Japan's history it is a great story, with memorable characters, and one of the most sensual 'dress' sequences ever.
 If you are interested in Japanese history/culture such as Samurai, you will obviously like any Samurai related movie.  This is not just any Samurai related movie, Tom Cruise and the rest of the cast make this movie a must see if you haven't already seen it, and a must buy for ANYONE'S DVD collection!
 While this movie may be set in Japan during it's early industialization, at the end of the Samurai's reign (don't take that literally), that is not what this movie is about.  For anyone who's interested in what went on historically at the time, and it's acuracy, go find something else.  For anyone else, especially those with friends or family who may be returning from serving overseas in Iraq or Afganastan, this movie can help give you a small glimpse of the conflict those who fight face.  At it's heart this movie is about a soldier, who was forced into a battle that was against everything he thought was right.  How it took a toll on him, his hate for himself and others.  And his personal road to reclaiming his personal honor, and mental health.  It also shows how we can learn from other cultures if we just take the time to understand them.  Even now in places we consider the "third world there are aspects of various cultures we can still learn from.  Technology and all it's benefits are great, but it's the human spirit that is mankinds greatest tool or weapon, depending on how it's used at any time.  Definitely not something to be missed
 This turned out to be one of the best films I have ever seen. I knew this film could easily be misunderstood, and whereas I had doubts myself in the beginning, after watching it they had all but removed and I was in love with it. As with all good films, this one had picked the right people to play the characters. This had included Katsumoto, Omura, Emperor, Taka, Simon Graham, the Americans, even the guardian. It smartly blends in the flares and drama in both American and Japanese cultures and anyone who can appreciate both cultures can easily testify to great illustration of both. The film could easily be misunderstood for a few reasons
 I'm not big on movies. This one is big. I don't normally watch R movies. This one is R because of the realistic battle scenes.  I was struck with character quality after character quality throughout the movie. By the end of it, my soul was ringing with words like, 'courage, valor, honor, dignity, purity, perfection'. I have to say that I felt I was educated in Japanese history/culture to a degree by this movie.  I have to say that Ken Watanabe is great in this movie. The battle scenes are 'glorious', and the shifts from normal speed to slo-mo are perfect.  Sound also has some zoom effects that don't distract, but add to the themes of this movie. It is a movie I will watch again sometime.  Excellent movie.  You should see it if you haven't yet.  I think it will make you want to go to Japan (it had that effect on me).
 This is Tom Cruise at his greatest. The film's tone, mood, action, acting, directing, sets, and scenes (especially the exteriors) were magnificent!!! This is a movie with a heart, and Tom's gradual transformation--from savage soldier to honorable fighter--was refreshing and uplifting. Buy it and keep it. You'll want to see it many times, as each viewing shows you how very much more there is than when you saw it earlier. I can't praise this movie enough, and believe me, I'm a harsh critic, especially when I note something unbelievable and phony. Enjoy!
 The best acting from Cruise since Magnolia. Great scenery, wonderful actors, especially magnificent Ken Watanabe. A crucial moment in Japan's history, good action, lots of sincere drama. All these are just trimmings, they would have been enough to make the movie interesting but the movie is not an action, or historical drama, or adventure.  The movie is about that sad period of human history when individual values were sacrificed to obedience to orders, personal warrior skill and art replaced with cheap soldier "cannon fodder mass, indiviudal honor and responsibility gave way to the power of human rabble.  It was easier to show on Japan's example but same thing gradually happened in Europe and US as well - it took longer so the change was less stunning, but no less dramatic.  The movie for those who still believe in the word "honor", the movie for (who said that great phrase?) "romantics who were mugged by life".
 Excellent movie...........I highly recommend anyone who has not seen this movie should see it asap.  You will want to watch this movie more than once.
 One of, if not, the best samurai movies ever.  Why do people say Cruise was miss cast, he did a great job and should have been nominated for an oscar.  The movie also should have been nominated for the best picture oscar.  The story was great, very true to the way of the samurai, and very dramatic.  The action was intense and incredible, the ninja attack and the last battle are o so very cool.  The performances were good all around esspecially Tom and Ken.  I give it a 10 out of a 10, because boys and girls movies don't get much better then this.
 This is a great movie to show in history classes.  It's a great tool of showing how Japan was "westernized.  The no need for Samurai, the American training of Japanese troops, cannons, guns, the awful machine gun.  Even Western style clothing, electricity, and modernization of mostly everything.  And give you an idea how the samurai and their families lived.  Not only is this a great teaching tool but it's great entertainment.  It's not that bad of a movie.  There's a little humor in it and some serious moments where you can actually learn something about life itself.  This movie has actually sparked my interest in the Japanese history.  I do believe this movie does open your eyes a little to of pre-modern Japan and the changes Emporer Meiji made.  It's a good buy.
 I have wathched this movie and must say that it was great, the dialogue was very nicely  done and the acting was also okay.I am not a movie critique(I personally think they are never satisfied).But I think that before you critique this film I suggest you watch it first fully to understand.Many of the people who critisize this movie do so because they focused on only bits and not the whole picture,(in doing so then all movies are not perfect)--when you read some of the reviews of this movie you will wonder--"to what level should we critique a movie???should we critique the directors own story descisions??--in doing so doesn't that put as above the director and above the story??(the movie stops being the directors movie and hence becomes the movie-critique's movie).This is absurd since the story and drama the director planned to let the audience feel is lost upon the audiences own ignorance to accept what directors work)  This movie is about samurai so expect alot of blood and gore.but it still has some good dramatic content to keep you glued to the screen till the end.  Basically if want a good story with lots of beatiful scenes and lots of action then watch this film.but if you watch this film like a movie critique looking for small bits to critique then I am afraid no movie will satisfy you.--because if people can critisize such a nice movie what about the ones which really need help????(i do admit there are some which are extremely disappointing but this one is not one of them)--enjoy this movie!!!
 In a day of movies based solely on how much special effects they can pack in 2 hours, this is really a different movie. Yes, there are battles with blood spilled all over but this is accessory to the plot. The story is what appealed to me. The old Japan is lost and it is a shame. This revives it and exposes people to the Japanese culture. Being able to turn back the clock and achieve this level of realism and show the lost pride of the Japanese is an  amazing feat. Of course there is a touch of Hollywood but that's ok. Cruise is at his best in this movie surrounded by talented Japanese actors. Ken Watanabe is simply brilliant.
 The Last Samurai is a beautiful film, the kind of epic that David Lean might have made.  The film is true to historical events that happened in Japan during 1876-77.  In particular, meticulous care was taken with the recreation of Tokyo and the clothing that was being worn, traditional Japanese and modern clothing. The clash of tradition versus the influence of the West is sharply portrayed in these contrasts. Like all historical epics, departures and simplifications of the truth have to be made for the sake of a coherent film.  Certainly, there were no Americans fighting along with the samurai but the character of Captain Algren allows us to explore what is going on in Japan from the traditional and modernistic points of view.  What makes The Last Samurai an excellent historical film is what also makes for a great historical novel
 This is a great movie.  Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast play their parts perfectly.  This movie is more than just some excellent battle scenes.  It's about two completely different peoples learning about eachother while incresingly understanding and accepting a way of life that is not their own.  Oh, and there ARE some great battle scenes.  I was a little sceptical when I was about to watch this the first time, but it blew my expectations away, and I loved it.  Very few movies can bring this man to tears, but the end of this movie accomplished just that.  Do yourself a favor and get a copy of this powerful film.
 Many have seen this wonder of a movie.  If you don't have the DVD 2 disk version, then you are missing out on so much more.  The first disc has the movie and right after that they have the full movie again but this time with the directors commentary on every aspect of the film as it plays.  The second disk has special features including interviews with the actors and what I think is worth the price of the DVD by itself
 It's really 90/100 No, it's no way near perfect b/c Hollywood made this film.  Why you'd wannna buy it
 If you are in to movies like Spartacus, Braveheart and Gladiator, then this should be on your list of movies to check out. The Last Samurai is about a captain, played by Tom Cruise, from the US army in the late 1800s that is sent to Japan to train soldiers in the way of modern warfare. Tom Cruise's character ends up getting captured by the enemy, who are a civilization of samurai warriors who have chosen to uphold the ancient traditions of Japan.  Throughout the movie, there is a conflict of interest between the new and old traditions and it is interesting to see the ways of the samurai throughout the film. There are both small fights and epic battles, both of which are done very well and are very entertaining to watch. Through all of the culture, battles and story line is some amazing cinematography. On top of that, the acting was superb.  The Last Samurai is very entertaining and interesting movie that is solid from start to finish and fits in nicely with any collection of epic style movies.
 I really enjoyed it. I love historical movies of any kind and although this was a somewhat romanticized view of the historical events that occured, i still thought it was a very good film. I also bought the soundtrack-it was excellent.
 The dream
 I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan. That explains why I waited until the DVD release to rent it on Netflix. That was a mistake because this epic is all that. Maybe it is my clarity on the context surrounding the participants that caused me to be so engrossed.  I wonder how many of you are aware that the three leading industrial powers at the turn of the 20th century where Britian, Germany and Japan? Isn't it ironic that the US was not one of the elite? What is amazing is the instantaneous metamorphosis of Japan from a feudal society to a major industrial power. The setting  of this movie is about the transition from "the old ways to the new ways.  Tom Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, formerly of the 7th Calvary, sent to Japan to train the Emperor's army in western warfare tactics. This would be the infamous Custer's calvary. The Custer who opened up "Thieves Road to the Black Hills. The same calvary that went looking for one helpless Native American village too many. The Captain left the calvary before its demise at Little Big Horn. He is imbued with nightmares from the massacre of the Southern Cheyenne. This is the first historically accurate portrayal of Custer EVER by Hollywood.  These two contexts are the heart of this movie and it is amazing to see how a cowboy becomes an indian. Cruise isn't bad in this movie but I'm not raving about it because of him. The Japanese actors are absolutely engrossing in their first film before western audiences. They are credible and believable and there is a complete absence of the overacting ubiquitious in so many films. Ken Watanabe has the key role as the Last Samurai leader, Katsumoto, who is dedicated heart and soul to the code of bushido. He is also the heart and soul of this movie. Shin Koyamada plays Nobutada, the son of Katsumoto and is unforgettable. We are also introduced to a captivatingly beautiful actress Koyuki, who plays the sister of Katsumoto and wife of a samurai slain by Algren.  There are so many great lines and enveloping dialogue but the best is when Cruise character tells Colonel Bagley
 I saw this movie in the theatre and loved it-- action, drama, history, it had it all. Tom Cruise was excellent, oscar worthy in my opinion, but the costars also gave powerful performances. I am buying this movie on DVD when it is released!
 Ive never been much of a Tom Cruise fan untill i went to see this film. What can i say but an all action film just brilliant tom should win an oscar.
 1876 in Japan, an American soldier named Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been hired by the Emperor Meijii to train some Japanese soldiers to fight against the savage Samurai. He does get captured by the Samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) while in battle as he is brought to their village, Nathan begins to learn the ways of their life and even becomes one of the people for 2 years as learns to switch sides to fight on their side for honor and love.  An amazing and sweeping old fashioned epic historical fiction drama from the director of the modern classic "Glory Edward Zwick is one of the decade's best pictures. Co-starring Tony Goldwyn, Billy Connelly and Hiroyuki Sanada Koyuki this is a well made and violent adventure film that has a familar old story. Although very similar to films like "Man Named Horse", "Dances with Wolves", "Lawrence of Arabia or "Last of the Mohicans this one takes the old story of those to Japan instead of being in the western times or the French-Indian war or Arabia. The acting is flawless as is the direction, the action sequences are gory and well made and the photography is just stunning as is Han Zimmer's score.  This Blu-Ray offers quality picture in a great transfer that looks fresher and the sound is good as well and the extras include audio commentary, History Channel Documentary
 This is a must have for any fan of samurai period drama, and now with the advanced Blu-ray tecnology it's even better. As a fan of Japanese culture and history, this film holds up fairly well. Tom Cruise's is somewhat typical for him...a bit over the top, but bearable.  There was a nice transition from languages to illustrate his communication with the Japanese samurai. I still would have preferred Cruise learning the language and seeing it almost entirely subtitled, but that's not a viable approach for Hollywood. Nevertheless, the director did a good job of capturing the culture. Even though I tend to be a purist, it's possible to watch this film and be entertained, despite some inaccuracies.  This is more a review of the movie itself rather than the disk, sorry! It has some nice extra features and enhancements over the original DVD version.
 My profile 43 yo no qualifications as a movie critic  Browsing through the reviews (there is just too many), I stopped after finding out one reviewer who reflected on why this movie was not that popular in the US and why it it was almost not mentioned in the Oscar (that was my impression at least).. Well, the reviewer said something about the view of the "whiteman's burden made have caused unpleasant reactions.. that could be part of the reason, but my opinion is, the movie was released at a bad political timing and was censored by Hollywood as part of the "Patriot canpaign designed at getting moral support to the invasion of Irak  Now you may label me now as a "conspiracy paranoid", but let me deliniate some aspects too see if they are not logical.. in the movie, americans go to Japan as mercenaries with a agenda of opening the big arms trade with imperial Japan.. to make matters worse, an ethical crisis occurs to the character of Tom Cruise.. an actor who is still remembered as a patriotic pilot who shot down those dreaded MICs in "Top Gun ( a movie destined to make the public feel good at their defense expenditure)... talk about a bad timing to reflect and see that your goverment; not only sends you to genocide the american indians, now its time to continue somewhere else!! and what's even worse, he joins the other side!!, not exactly the kind of attitude you need on the troop morale sent to invade Irak under weak grounds.. hell, was it not enough the catharsis done by all those Vietnam movies? (where Tom Cruise did a Nam veteran).. well that was then this is now... lets face it.. why such an epic movie, a superb production and  what I consider Cruise's pass to inmortality in the world of true films, was given a "foreign movie treatment??!!  Perhaps after the dust settles and a new peace period begins, this movie can be seen in its proper context..
 Comparisons to "Dances with wolves apart, "The last samurai is a very enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise, maybe in his best performance ever, plays Nathan Algren, a veteran of the Civil War that now lives in oblivion as an alcoholic ad-boy for a weapons company. He's invited to Japan to train the Imperial Army against a bunch of rogue samurai. The Imperial Army represents the new Japan (in 1876), a nation that has turned its eyes to the western world. The samurai represent the old japanese style, fighting without fire weapons, living a life of discipline, simplicity, commitment and respect for the nature, etc.  This clash of so different cultures is what makes this movie interesting. Besides, there are many dialogues spoken in japanese (what helps create the correct atmosphere), the costumes and figurines are excellent, and the battle scenes, that some people found to be not well-represented and slow, caught my attention every time.  Not only Tom Cruise is good, though a little too intense; the girl Koyuki and, especially, this amazing actor Ken Watanabe play their parts with a tremendous ease and desenvolture, giving us, westerners, a glimpse of what japanese culture is (or was).  OK, the script is Hollywood from beginning to end, but, nonetheless, Edward Zwick did a competent job, just like he did in another exceptional movie, "Glory". I did not enoy "The las samurai because of its story, but because its very well enacted, colorful and it portraits one of the most interesting cultures in the world. Maybe something that helped me like this movie is the fact that I've never watched (and I'm ashamed to say so) an Akira Kurosawa movie.  Grade 8.7/10
 One of history's great ironies is that the machine gun was designed with the goal of making war more humane.  This is an expression of a reality that the makers of The Last Samurai seem to be highly aware of
 A beautiful tale of a man finding redemtion in an unlikely plave....but the beauty of Zwicks battles and scenery are overshadowed by a typically hollywood liberla anit-American view. SOMEHOW in the background of Japan becoming a modern society, and ending centuries of Feudalism, the United States become the BAY GUY. Japanese serfs, striving for freedom, are not the Enemy. Samurai opressors are not the Enemy. 1 whiteman is the enemy. 1 American is the enemy. it's all summed up on the eve of the battle between the modern serf army and the traditional samurai army, when asamurai child ask's Tom Cruise "Will you fight the WHITE MEN"? Of course there is only ONE whiteman. And the whole army of dirty serfs struggling to breathe free is irrelevent. It's the white American's fault. Centuries of feudalist opression is summed up into "ONE WHITE MAN". 5 stars for battle scenes and general movie macgic. -1 for silly political ideology where it does not belong and is totally out of context.
 "The Last Samurai is, without a doubt, one of the finest action epics thatI have seen ever since "Braveheart"! "The Last Samurai is one of those rare films that combine a sweeping, heroic epic with an intimate, extremely poignant personal story of love, honor, and tenderness. The direction of Edward Zwick ("Glory", "Courage Under Fire") was top-notch and powerful! And the performance of superstar Tom Cruise ("Minority Report") was unforgettable! Surely one of the best Tom Cruise performances since "Top Gun"! The film focuses on Nathan Algren (Cruise), a decorated war hero (from the war against the American Indians) now drunkenly relegated to showing off new gun technology at expositions. Algren is offered handsome compensation to leave the States and help bring Japan into the modern age of guns and to suppress a revolt of nontechnological samurai making trouble in the hinterlands. During a raid that is botched by unready troops, Algren is captured but not before managing to cleverly kill off one of the most accomplished samurai. The samurai lord, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), is impressed with Algren's magificent fighting spirit and resourcefulness and decides to nurse him back to health so that he might learn more about his enemy. The premise revealed. I will skip the rest of the plot, saying only that it is inevitable that Algren comes to respect and then love the ways of his captors and becomes himself an accomplished warrior in their disciplined traditions. He soon allies himself against his former compatriots and must learn what true honor is and how both life and death can help one reach his destiny. Essentially, and I do not say this casually, this film is "Dances with Wolves set among the Japanese "other rather than the American "other". The film started like a Tom Cruise movie, stopped being one for a fascinating hour or so, and then returned to its Hollywood roots. When we first see Cruise, he is doing his trademark Cruise acting
 As epic movies go,  The Last Samurai  is a superb one despite any historical inaccuracies which is what the History Channel is for.  All of the big named male actors such as Mel Gibson and Russell Crowe had their epic war movies and Tom Cruise was sorely due for one and in this movie he chose very well.  Over the years, like many super stars, Tom Cruise has chosen some extremely good roles and at the other end of the spectrum he's done some very poor movies but with  The Last Samurai,  the part couldn't have been better for him as it was supremely suited to his talents. Along with the superior performance given by Tom Cruise, his co-actors in Timothy Spall, Ken Watanabe, Billy Connolly, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada and Koyuki and so many others added greatly to the overall feel of the movie through their performances which were all of great depth and feeling. Over the years, Edward Zwick has directed some of the finest movies to ever grace the silver screen such as  Glory  and  Legends of the Fall  and  The Last Samurai  serves well to his legacy by being added to his library of exceptional films.  Additional credit goes to Hans Zimmer for the score for this outstanding film. The Premise
 After scanning some of the negative reviews posted here I must say I am shocked to learn that ANYONE could find this movie anything but exceptional. The words "boring and "tedious have no place desrcibing this exceptional film. It's beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, full of humor, poetry and sensuality and considering the fact that it is of course A MOVIE (for those of you overly concerned with real looking sets, etc), I was mesmerized and entertained for the 2 plus hours I was watching this great movie. My wife, who reluctantly attended the sneak preview, fell so in love with this film that she insists on seeing it again on Friday when it makes its full release. There will always be the inevitable haters and those comparing it to Dances With Wolves, etc, but disregard those folks and go see what is sure to be an Oscar Winner. You won't be disappointed.
 After the opening of Japan in 1853 under the pressure of the US and their Perry expedition, and the restoration of Imperial power in 1867, things went very fast. Japan was modernized at first to the best profit of the USA. But this development brought strong resistance within Japan from the feudal order of the Samourais, and a very agressive expansion on the Asian continent. This film concentrates on the final push against feudalism and its old code of honor represented by the Samourais. This change was particularly brutal with imported weapons from the USA, an exclusive contract, and military counsellors. The move was led by some big capitalist families who were ruthless about the change and who violently eradicated all opposition to the final death of it and them. The film shows this very well. The character Tom Cruise embodies here is probably fictitious but it links the wars against the Indians in the US to this war against mountain tribes and villages in Japan. The same objective 
 I really loved this movie. The way it was just presented and keeping the history and culture of Samurai. Yet it was not a true story nor based on any actual accounts or characthers. The story itself sparks an interest in Japanese and Samurai warrior history. From the code of Honor down to commiting Seppuku. Im not going to get into a brush of History on the Samurai, theres much too explain and learn about those fearsome Warriors.    It should and definetly leaves the audience in awe about such a war and time when fuedal clans and government corruption brought femine that you would want to learn and research about these class of noble warriors on the web or at your local libary. The Samurai sword Katana has a whole long history in itself.    But this movie defenitly brings out what the Samurai truly are and what they believed in and fought for, or as Mr. Grahm said it; "HONOR". To this day, I believe there is no other warriors who were or can be more dedicated or honorable than the samurai.    Being a modern Warrior myself in the u.s. Army as an infantry Ranger, I can attest to this. We have honor just like all other warriors, but I believe not as much to the extent of the warrior Samurai.
 I can't get enough of this movie. The Last Samurai is a powerful tale that stays with you. I can't get enough of this modern masterpice.  Capt. Nathan Algren(Cruise) is an Army veteran. He's become an alcholic and hates himself and frequently has flashbacks over some of the Indians he's killed. He's falling apart and things don't look great for him until he's offered a job by the ambassador of Japan Umura(Hamada).  The Emperor of Japan is modernizing the country and doing it very quickly. The Emperors former advisor Katsumota(Watanabe) doesn't like the old ways and is doing everything in his power to delay them. He is one of the greatest Samurai to ever live and is well respected and loved by his people. Umura nows Japan can't beat him so he convinces the Emperor that they must modernize so they can defeat Katsumoto.  Algren comes to Japan reluctantly. He hates Col. Bagley(Goldwyn) who is his superior officer in the operation. He's trying to train the Japanese men as fast as he can, but they don't have a enough time. Umura and Bagley order Algren to takes his men into battle against Katsumoto agains his will.  The fight between the armies is quick and very bloody. Katsumoto captures Algren after seeing the passion and fire in his eyes during battle. They take Algren back to their village for winter so Katsumoto can get to learn his enemy better.  Algren is treated fairly well by the people. They help him overcome his alcholism battle. He hates the place at first, but as he lives there and sees the discipline of the Samurai people he begins to accept and love their culture. He becomes friends with Katsumoto and gains respect from most of the village. Winter ends though and he must return to Tokyo.  Upon his return to Tokyo he sees the advance of the Japanese army. Umora has increased the spending of Japan in their arms and it's obvious he has lots of influence over the emperor. Umora is determined to kill the Samurai and Katsumoto. After a scuffle in Tokyo Algren returns with the Samurai to help prepare them in their last stand against the Japanese army.  The acting is phenomenal in this movie. Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are amazing in their roles as Algren and Katsumoto. Cruise plays the role with passion and intensity. He does a great job displaying the change that Algren takes emotionaly and physically. He really did get cheated by not getting an Oscar nomination. This guy has done a lot for the movie industry and the academy but they continue to not pay him back. Cruise almost didn't do this movie because of his commitment to Cold Mountain. They didn't give the money he wanted so he became The Last Samurai.   Ken Watanabe really shines in this picture. He isn't intimidated by Cruise at all and is equal if not better to him. He becomes Katsumoto and is amazing. He's funny, brave, charming, and smart all at the same time. He deserved the Oscar nomination he received and probaly should have won it. I'm excited about seeing Ken in the new Batman movie. This guy is great.  Edward Zwick really does a great job with this movie. The Last Samurai is produced by Cruises production company and they were the only man they wanted to direct this. Zwick has plenty of experience in this area of movies with Glory on his resume. He shots this movie well and it's all done in tastes. The fight scenes are shot especially well. The camera angles are great and we really get a good idea of how the Samurai fought. The violence isn't over done and you see the art that is sword play. Zwick has made a masterpiece.  A lot of people have bashed the ending of the movie. They think it's sappy and to happy. It's anything but that. If you pay attention to the movie and realize that Algren didn't fail his mission he has no shame. Algren loved Katsumoto and so did the Emperor so thats why we have that scene at the ending of the well. I found it to be a powerful ending to a dynamic film.  This is a great movie. It's so well made and attention is paid in it to the tiniest details. This movie will stay with you for days and all the good dramas do. If you like dramas or war films than you must see this film. If you love Tom Cruise you have to pick this one up. You won't regret buying this one.
  The Last Samurai  is one of the greatest historical epics of our generation. The battle scenes are created with great action and detail, as are the solo sword fights. And while the action is breathtaking, they only help to tell an amazing yet somber story of honor, sacrifice and change. Tom Cruise gives what is possibly the performance of his career, and Ken Watanabe gives an Oscar-worthy performance as Katsumoto (He was robbed at the Oscars). While I haven't yet had time to view the special features, none are really needed, for this film could stand on its own! Any fan of true film will want this epic in their collection! Movie/DVD Grade
  The Last Samurai  was certainly one of the best movies of 2003.  The main story is a reverent account of the character of the Japanese people and the Samurai in particular, but there's much more to it than simply that.  The film has many subplots and resolves them all neatly without ever seeming contrived.  Everything from Algren's (Tom Cruise) search for peace to his understated yet elegant love story with Taka (Koyuki) is handled as well as it conceivably could be.  Writer John Logan avoids the overwrought melodrama that burdens most war movies; everything is as quietly graceful as the Samurai way of living depicted within the film. The acting is, on every front, excellent.  Tom Cruise gives an uncharacteristically melancholy performance as Captain Nathan Algren, while Ken Watanabe perfectly encapsulates the quiet honor of Samurai leader Katsumoto.  The actors cast in the supporting roles are equally suited to the film, each giving realistic and powerful performances by turns. Director Edward Zwick infuses the entire film with the necessary serene feel.  He uses well-placed camera angles to complement and enhance the already magnificent sets, and even cliched choices (such as Algren's choppy, blurred memories) are handled competently.  The only area that Zwick falls a little short in is in his directing of the action.  Despite the R rating of the film, he displays a timidity in his direction which, at times, makes it blatantly obvious that these are stunts.  Even still, this movie is not an action film, and it's appropriate that Zwick kept it from becoming a visceral bloodbath.  This isn't too say that there aren't graphic depictions of violence, but Zwick generally avoids the blatant displays which fill movies like  Kill Bill , preferring to quickly cut away from gory moments. If  The Last Samurai  has a real problem, it's that the story is about somewhat immaterial concepts
 The Last Samurai is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. Anything under five stars in an absurd rating. I simply couldn't understand how this movie didn't even get a nomination for an Oscar while Lord of the Rings got every award on the planet. The only one any of those movies deserves is Best Special Effects. Nevertheless, The Last Samurai has all the elements of a true classic. Hyped-out to be a story about the last rebellion of the Samurai in 1877, I believe the movie's more profound than that. It's really about the struggle of Captain Nathan Algren (played amazingly by Tom Cruise) and his quest to find peace, after turning to the bottle to combat his tremendous guilt for slaughtering Native Americans in the cavalry raids. The story was passionate, exciting, beautifully written, directed, and acted, and I don't understand how it wasn't anything more than a smash-success.
 A drunken Civil War hero, Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) was assigned to train Japanese soldiers in 1876. "The Last Samurai is a film about honor. Algren went from being a drunken fool to a hero on the battlefield. Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) took Algren captive and began to teach him the code. The movie is excellent.
 The Last Samurai was one of those exceptionally rare films that I am sure I'll always remember.  The character of Katsumoto was magnificent, and Tom Cruise did a superb job portraying the captive who learned to find meaning in his life from a people very different.  I too became a captive of the discipline, honor, and other virtues depicted in the Samurai culture.  It was a completely absorbing movie...I hated for it to end.  Speaking of the end, I couldn't imagine how it could end well, and thought it a shame to watch 2 1/2 hours just to see the bad guys win.  But it actually had a fantastic ending--very satisfying.  I don't want to spoil it for those reading reviews who haven't seen the movie yet!  If you like action movies, you absolutely cannot go wrong with this one...I'd give it 10 stars!
 I keep getting drawn back to this. I believe that this is Tom Cruise best movie. His acting was very good, but I think the story, and more importantly the exposure to Martial Arts values is what makes this film. Having studied many years under a true Korean Master, the "DO way of life is the most important thing I have learned. This movie gives a glimpse of that.
 I love this movie.  There are few movies I can watch over and over.  This would be one.  I am a fan of Tom Cruise but not a fanatic fan.  He is a very nice looking man and can act fairly well. But I don't see any Oscars in his future.  That being said, I have enjoyed many of his films and look forward to many more.  I think he did a wonderful performance in this picture, however, even if he weren't in the picture, it could have stood on its own.  Ken Watanabe is a superb actor, not to mention a very sexy man who played Katsumoto.  Other actors of note include
 Set in Japan during the 1870s, Tom Cruise plays Capt. Nathan Algren, an American military leader hired to train Japan's army in modern warfare. He is a drunk mercenary tortured by his inner demons. In his first encounter against the Samurai, Algren is captured by Katsumoto, played brilliantly by Ken Watanabe. He quickly is impressed by the Samurai's skills in battle and unexpectedly drawn to their way of life while in captivity. Ultimately, he finds himself at Katsumoto's side, driven by his sense of honor.  This is a great film and probably Tom Cruise's best. It is beautifully written and acted. It is also loaded with brilliant cinematography and amazing battle choreography. An epic and worth mentioning with such great films like Gladiator and Braveheart! A must own for any collector.  NOW FOR MY BLU RAY THOUGHTS
 This is an excellent movie, and the blu-ray edition does it justice. The picture quality is amazing, bright colors, infifnite detail, consistent three dimensionality. This is a must own for blu-ray fans.
 Is this what we were all waiting for??  YES!!!  Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV is all about.  HD-DVD really got me. I was once a Blu-ray supporter, but now I've got to admit. HD-DVD is simply doing what it was suposed to do
 Well worth the purchase if you're a fan of the movie.  The second dvd has loads of nice extras, too.  If you have a large screen tv, defintely get the widescreen version.
 I love this movie!!! I saw it in theaters and loved every second of it. It is the reason that I love Japan and Samurai. What I like most about it isn't just the cinematics but the moral behind it. Honor...
 Set in 1870's Japan, `The Last Samurai' is the story Japan's struggle to come to terms with the modern world whilst at the same time embracing its traditional past.  Tom Cruise gives a surprisingly good performance as the tormented Nathan Algren, a former captain of the US army who is having trouble with his conscience, unusual in a white man in the 19th century but he is haunted by his past, a past which saw him play a role in the slaughter of innocent Native American men, women and children in his own country.  Algren eventually agrees to go to Japan to help train its soldiers in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the Samurai forces that are still clinging to the old ways.  Algren takes on this task for money and no other reason, he does not care about anything or anyone, death is no longer something he fears and it is partly this lack of fear that saves his life when he is captured by the `enemy,' who take him to their camp and inadvertently bring him spiritually closer to the way of the Samurai.  Algren slowly falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honour and he eventually switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the Samurai against the people he was brought over to train.  He forges a tenuous relationship with Taka, the widow of the man he killed in battle, and becomes a father figure to her two young sons and wins the grudging respect of the Samurai sword trainer who tries to break his spirit and his bones.  The film does to a certain extent become a study in redemption as Algren strives to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the guilt of his dishonourable past actions.  Eventually though Algren comes to realise he cannot erase the past, he can either live with it or let it crush him.  He chooses to live but only as a Samurai, and that could mean his death at any given moment.  The whole film was a vibrant, violent, passionate look into a past that Japan has never been able to reclaim since the days of the Samurai.  With the western world on the doorstep trying to force their way in, Japan had to let go of some of her ancient traditions to survive and in doing so lost a big part of herself.  The Last Samurai has been accused of being too much on the side of the Samurai, but I think it manages to find a kind of balance, with both good and bad on both sides, and the over all film certainly deserves the five stars I am giving it.  Cruise does well not to fluff the Japanese language too much in the movie, I liked that they used subtitles, it gave the movie considerable authenticity, and the fight scenes as gory as they were, were breathtaking to watch, along with a fabulous musical score and scenery that I can't even do justice to in this critique.  A movie I will be watching again I think, because you cannot honestly take everything in, in just one viewing.  By far one of the best movies to come out of 2003 in my opinion.
 In a word, WOW! This has got to be one of the best films I have ever seen in this genre. The story is post-Civil War where a lot of the war heroes were unemployed and out of place. Tom Cruise, one of those war heroes who becomes disenchanted with the war and flees to a bottle, is contacted by war buddies and signs on to train an army for Japan to wipe out the samurai. Although he feels his new command is unable to fight, his superiors put the troops to the combat test. As they fail, Cruise is captured and taken captive by the samurai. Without giving the entire plot away, the scenery, locations, and acting were top notch. It is the old ways vs. the new ways and it seems for awhile that the new ways are better. Watch this movie today, buy it tomorrow.
 This is a great movie, their is nothing more to say. Why has Tom not won an Academy Award yet? You would figure after Jerry Maguire, A Few Good Men, The Firm, Days of Thunder,Vanilla Sky, well you get the picture.
 Let me start by saying that I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan.  That said, this movie is a great movie.  While Cruise is the main character and the story is sort of told through him, there is more emphasis on the character Katsumoto, and Japan as the setting, and the story line.  When we see a Tom Cruise film, he is usually the center of the film and always a larger than life character.  It's hard to feel for him or relate to him.  Here he is portrayed more human, there is more feeling and he is not quite as self-centered in his performance, not as cocky.  The cinematography is beautiful and the story is captivating.  You feel for the samurai and are frustrated with the emperor, and you are actually happy with the way it all ends, in a bittersweet way.  I loved it!  Great movie!
 What we should appreciate before we get too deep into the odd story of Captain Algren is that he/it is strikingly similar to John Blackthorne, the English pilot of a Dutch ship that ends up in Japan in Clavell's near genius-like rendition of  Shogun.  Without discrediting Tom Cruise who acted brillinatly I thought, the story does live up to general aspects of the  Shogun  tale but falls short in  a few other areas. The love affair with Cruise and Taka is sweet but with Blackthorne and Mariko it was detailed, passionate, forbidden and conspiratorial. Likewise, the transition that Cruise makes into Japanese society is in fact, believable however it seems to happen swiftly. Too swiftly to remain completely credible. The script and Cruise's voiceover explains his love of the discipline and simplicity, which interestingly enough is what seduces Blackthorne. Well. Really seduces Blackthorne. But then again, it is Nathan that/who becomes a true warrior, and I must again give kudos to Cruise who appears believable in the great physicality of the Bushido spirit and the battle scenes. All in all a nice ride, sufficient enough to take it out of the 'manly men doing manly things' genre and allow you to think. Ken Wanatabe as Katsumoto is excellent and should have won him a best supporting. Taka is wonderful; the children are animated and innocent. The use of Cruise speaking Japanese was an excellent touch and again, seemed to add credibility. I should also mention that there are similar 'blood lines' in the Indian Rights oriented  A Man Called Horse,  less interesting, less fulfilling, but possibly equally provacative.  Good job to all. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
 American guy coes to Japan to ttain Japense soilders to fight th rebilain, but he goes to the rebliain villaige and finds out there peaceful way of living. Later, of course, he becomes a samurai. This is cool film. Really liked pretty Japanse actress, the big fight, and the fact that it is Japan( Every thing good comes from Japan). This is a cool film. You'll like it.
 Comparing Samurai to Nazi's is just plain stupid!  Should we compare the US army in the 1870's to Nazi's?  Is this movie history? I think so.  Not because of the events as depicted in the movie, but for an attempt to capture a people's values at some point of time. It was closer to bringing that viewpoint to life than even Kurosawa's epics which were influenced heavily by Shakesphere and other western themes. We forget that the stories of King Arthur are very large fabrications of the West's transition point to from the time of the ancients to middle ages, that the knights virtues in writing were pure but in reality they were brutal instead of kind.  That is the point of movies, to inspire and build up our view of humanity while being careful not to extoll to heavilly the  villains. Tom Cruise's redemption after massacring Indians is one point of the film. How he finds peace and honor is another. How a society of traditional values finds itself eclipsed by the modern values of greed are clearly evident themes in both modern Japan and the US (whether it is true or not is not the point).  Can something in the Samurai spirit of the film be used to inspire us? Or must we only see this in films about hobbits and dwarfs (partially inspired by the horrors that Tolkein saw in WWI?  Technically the sword tactics were very well done and remain one of the few films that captures kenjutsu correctly. Cruise worked his tail off to make it credible and despite the time it would really would take to do so, it was still done well.  The filming in Japan was fantastic. The Meiji period where foreigners saw Japan as another China full of savages to be conquered is captured quite well. The Emperor who found himself in a position he was not prepared to handle with advisorsthat took advantage of him is also quite well captured. The leader of the Samurai was also well liked by the common people (then named a street after him shortly after he died) may not be the exact historical replica of the man but most of the Samurai following were "pissed at loosing their swords and topknots which represented critical parts of their heritage, not about attacking Korea. So the question is...do we want a documentary or a movie to inspire us?
 Amazing story, great cinematography.  For how ling this movie is, it's over way too fast.  Amazon streaming does a fantastic job, never had a buffering issue.
 Remember that boring long mini series back in 1982 called Shogun?! Well... this movie is like that but better and shorter version; less than three hours! It's only 154 minutes long to be exact! Anyway, Tom Cruise delivers his finest performance as an ex-civil war hero who is hired to go to Japan and train the modern army against the samurais. However, during the first losing battle, he was captured and held as a prisoner at the camp filled with trained samurais. Then he falls in love with a wife of the slained warrior he killed during the first war in Japan. While he is living in the village as a "slave"; he learns the culture of the samurai people. Then he learns how to fight like them as well. After he is released and returned back to the then modern day Tokyo, he isn't welcomed among friends because he wears the samurai clothes instead of civilian clothes of the 1860's. Then Samurai General is kidnapped and thrown in the dungeon. Tom rescues him from prison  and escapes back to the village. They prepares for the war the following week. The final battle scene is amazing how sword bound samurais fighting rifle shooting Japanese army. And I will not tell you about the ending because you must buy this DVD! It's superb!
 Could almost be a documentary I am half Japanese and this is a very good movie People should get this movie to learn a little bit about the feudal days of Japan
 Brand new, perfect condition, good price, fast delivery.  This movie is a great story and reminds me that Tom Cruise can be way more the a Top Gun or Mission Impossible kind of guy.
 Loved this movie! Very insightful and very well written. Watching the samurai and learning about their values  and the culture was really inspiring. I will definitely watch it again!
 I really am so glad that I ordered this DVD.  Fast shipping got it to me quickly.  I really have enjoyed the story and the beauty of the movie.  I hope that others will see and enjoy this DVD as much as I have.
 Many of the reviewers liken this movie to "Dances With Wolves but though there are some similiarites, the main difference is in the main character played by Tom Cruise. I'm not always an avid fan of him and that has nothing to do with his Scientology views but this ranks as one of his best performances as a damaged Civil War vet who regains a sense of self when he encounters the Japanese culture--in particular, bushido.  Ken Watanabe is also excellent in his first starring English role and I think he was nominated for an Oscar if I'm not mistaken.  Being Asian I was entranced by Zwick's sensitive direction and also by the stunning photography.  If you can get this in Hi-Def (HD-DVD or Blu-ray), I would recommend it particularly since the HD DVD price is below $10!!
 This is an amazing movie especially after watching the special features afterward. The collection of Japanese actors and their intense desire to be a part of this film... Visually beautiful with an insite to the Japanese culture. Very entertaining on several levels.
 'The Last Samurai' is a one of those films that has it's flaws but you can't help but enjoy anyway. This film follows Cruise's character as he is captured by a Samurai clan and then learns the lifestyle and ways of a Samurai whilst living in their village. Throughout the story it immerses you in aspects of the history of Japan, and although slightly stylised, gives a good feeling of life and culture in those times. It has beautiful film locations, beautiful music, a good story line and a good cast. I feel this to be one of Cruise's better films and his performance is very credible. This film may be slightly long, but it holds your interest right to the end and is a great nights viewing. Well worth considering.  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 This movie  was Phenomenal  the storyline surpassed my expectations.  The last Samurai is a great story The acting is great I believe this is one of if not the best Tom cruise film... If you enjoy stories about the Samurai or martial arts this movie is definitely for you...I originally thought how in the world could A movie Titled The Last Samurai Star Tom cruise,He's not Japanese?  but But i was blown away by how great this movie was and had to get it on Blu-ray disk
 The beauty and emotion of this portrayal of two very different worlds coming together was well done. I'm brought to tears every time I watch it. The soundtrack is consuming and hypnotic.
 Excellent movie!! I loved it!! Samurai are cool!! This movie is a glimpse into the history of the Samurai Warrior, and his way of life. I recommend it to anyone interested in this subject.
 Many critics and filmgoers panned Tom Cruise's performance and his lack of believability of being a samurai.  However, his performance is spot on in my opinion.  You can sense his seriousness and issues with the American army's and his own actions of the war.  You can sense his appreciation of Eastern culture and his experience as a Civil War veteran through his eyes, his body language, and the delivery of his lines.  While I thought seeing Cruise dressed as a samurai would be unbelievable, his performance transforms his character so well that by the end of the movie when he dons the samurai outfit, I was completely convinced.  Other performances are great as well, including Timothy Spall (the photographer) and especially Ken Watanabe.  The story is extremely well written and the action scenes are well done, with no extra choreography or special effects that make the action seem less authentic.  Finally, the score by Hans Zimmer.  It's easily my favorite thing about the film, and it's quite possibly the best soundtrack and score composed without being grandiose.  Zimmer uses many simplistic pieces that have two-note melodies but they're so poignant and fitting, that you can't not be moved by many scenes.  While some scenes are overly dramatic (like most of Edward Zwick's films), The Last Samurai is one of my all-time favorite films and deserves to be seen as equally as legendary and epic as similar films such as Braveheart and Gladiator.
 I WANT TO THANK THE SELLER FOR SENDING A GOOD PRODUCT WITH NO DAMAGE EVEN THOUGH IT WAS USED.  IT'S NICE TO BE ABLE TO ORDER WITH CONFIDENCE.  I WILL USE THIS SELLER AGAIN. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR BEING PICKY ABOUT THE SELLERS THAT YOU ALLOW TO SELL ON YOUR SITE.
 This is a good movie to watch if ur interested in samurais,which was pretty cool. When i bought this it was on sale for 9.99 and i just had to get it because i was skeptic about gettting it before because it was 20-30 bucks before and it wouldnt be worth it, because i could get some better with that money. But for the price i got it for it was a sweet deal and very good movie for those who havent seen it. It is a classic
 My husband watched this movie on tv and wanted to purchase it for his collection.  Well worth the money.
 One of Tom Cruise's best, I wish he made more films like this! Looks great on Blu-ray my Dad loves it! Thanks Amazon.
 This edition is very good. The movie is excellent and look authentic. The extra credits are also a must see and are interesting and informative.
 What a great movie the lands japan it's so beautiful in HD Blue Ray great disc.
 Anyways, this product is amazing and the quality is superb, sorry I erased by mistake the rating but the reality is that from the transaction to the delivery was correct.!!!
 Perfect.  Hans Zimmer is a true genius and he has composed here the best score of his career so far. The music transcend the movie and the landscapes are just to-die-for. I own both DVD and Bluray of this film to be able to play it whenever and wherever I want.  True, it's not so historical but never claimed to be. Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride offered by a perfect cast.  Nothing to waste here, and that's quite rare so I better mention it!
 The best movie I have seen so far this year, it is absolutely wonderful. I recommend it to anyone and everyone, a must if you like good movies.
 We are huge fans of Japanese historical films and samurai epics ("Seven Samurai being the Valhalla of the genre)so we lined up early to see "Last Samurai.  I had seen the reviews with mixed feelings, fearful that Cruise's "Top Gun arrogance would crash through the culture like a Hummer. As it turned out, the Japanese cast led by Ken Watanbe keeps Cruise under control.  It was a little troubling to see Cruise's character completely master Katana technique and Iai waza in a single season, but I guess he had to to keep the plot moving.  Also, Cruise is a bit like Milton Berle - he has to be the last man off of every scene.  But Watanabe steals the movie and the supporting cast is terrific.  For once, Cruise doesn't seduce the woman who is forced to keep him in her house, and she complains that he smells bad.  In the end, the movie is a spectacular paen to Bushido culture. (I haven't yet asked an old friend of mine who survived Bataan what he thought of this movie).  The movie tackles a tricky and contradictory period of Japanese history, the great inner conflict between modernists (who won) and the feudalists, who probably were not all noble.  But heck, its the action scenes which are worth enduring Tom Cruise, and I sure liked watching him get pummeled by Watanabe's No. 2.   If Japan rejected the West as the movie ultimately indicates, it sure didn't last long.  In this respect, it has a strong similarilty to "Dances With Wolves", not only for its worshipful depiction of a dying culture, but favoring the twilight over the end.
 Tom Cruise gives a stellar performance! The historical and cultural backgrounds were perfect. The traditional Samurai sense of honor and respect prevails even through the darkest period in their history. Ken Watanabe did an outstanding job portraying Katsumoto, the strong and honorable leader of the last army of samurai. Holding out and fighting against all odds for what he believes in, honor. The only complaint i have with this movie is that it had to end. The battle scenes were nothing short of miraculous. Finally a movie that gives the samurai all of the credit they deserve! 5 STARS!
 This movie is the awesomest movie ever. I cannot wait to buy my own copy! The only real weak point in the movie was the ending, but that was made up for with the awesome battle sequences and storyline! If you liked this movie i also suggest reading Shogun, on which the movie was based.
 I do not have any interest in these kind of movies but a friend of mine wanted to see it so I went along not looking to enjoy the movie at all. Boy was I surprised at how good this movie was. It makes you feel for the Samurai and it is just a moving story all together. I don't recall seeing Ken Watanabe(Samurai's leader) in any other movie but believe me he steals the show in this one. I would compare it to Robert Duvall playing Gus in Lonesome Dove, Ken is Katsumoto. Great job by Tom Cruise, his best movie in awhile. Trust me on this one you will be pleasantly surprised at how good of a movie this is. I will own it on DVD the day it comes out.
 I wasn't too sure about the movie at first but now i'm really glad that i went to see it.  It shows an insight on what how the samurais lived, their beliefs and their values.  The main storyline, shown through focusing on the uprising of the samurai against rapid modernization, is the journey that is taken by tom cruise's character.  He goes from the disillusioned American soldier who has lost all meaning of what he was fighting for after killing innocent Native Americans to finding peace with himself and discovering something worth giving his life for. The acting was superb, the storyline was riveting, the landscape was beautiful, the music was captivating, and the battle scenes...bloody? (i didn't see much...i was hiding behind my soda).  on a shallower note, fans of legolas...in this movie, you will find a japanese legolas! kyaa! kyudo! ^_~
 "The Last Samurai is an excellent film, respectful of its source material even while telling a fictional story.  The "foreigner joins a warrior culture, taking on their strange dress and winning their respect story is well-represented on film and in history, from Bonnie Prince Charlie to "Lawrence of Arabia and "Dances with Wolves, as well as the Japanese-themed "Shogun, which is based on the life of Miura Anjin/William Adams.  Here, Tom Cruise is the stranger in a strange land, and the Samurai of Japan are the warrior culture.  Being no stranger to Samurai films of Japanese history, I was pleased by all aspects of "The Last Samurai.  Both the modernizing Meji government and the past-looking Samurai of the period are well represented, although the Samurai come out looking much better.  The warrior code of Bushido is not explained, and the lifestyle is completely romanticized, yet this is a movie and not a history text.  Emperor Meji is well-played, which surprised me.  He is neither hero nor villain.  And there are ninjas, which improves every film. In the vein of the big Hollywood epics, "The Last Samurai serves up healthy doses of sweeping score, beautiful vistas and Japan-landscape eye candy.  The country has rarely looked so beautiful, although I bet some technicians spent plenty of time computer-erasing the omni-present power lines.  The samurai armor,while not historically accurate, looks beautiful on film.  There are more than a few scenes that leap beautifully from a Kurosawa flick.  A great looking cast helps as well. To this day, Japan has difficulty rationalizing tradition and modernization, as can be seen in books such as "Dogs and Demons.  "The Last Samurai has some good lessons for modern Japan, and some good entertainment for us all.
 I'm not generally emotional in movies.  I can only remember ever crying for two - and this was certainly one of them.  In the last scenes, I was bawling.  This is not to say that the ending is sad, however, and I hope I won't give it away by saying it gave me a sort of peace. I must recommend this movie.  It's the best that I've seen this year.  One of my friends who hates when Americans usurp a role that should have been played by a person indigenous to the country the movie was set in refused to see it.  However, Tom Cruise does not and cannot steal the spotlight in this movie.  The spotlight is aptly directed at the true last samurai and the actors that play them (and do so excellently).  The Japanese locales that the movie is shot in are absolutely breathtaking - they reminded me of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon's snapshots of China.  Also, for all you ladies out there who think this is a guy movie
 I don't like Tom Cruise but this movie is great. The story is  great
 Truly an excellent movie. Exemplification of the word "honor". Well worth watching. You'll walk away from it with a greater vision of life.  By the way, I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise but I'll wholeheartedly say he played his role magnificently.
 I'm not a big Tom Cruise fan, but I can't think of anyone else who could have done as well in this movie.  The additional segments about the making of the movie, Japanese culture, and the Samurai were also very good.
 This movie is in my must see collection. I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise, but he plays his part well in this. Truly a must see - especially on a big screen.
 Okay, so I might like Tom Cruise more than your average person, but no one can say this movie was poorly done or that the acting was bad.  EXCELLENT movie!!
 Just a really well done movie. This has it all
 I love historical dramas, and this was a really wondrous story. Anyone who loves history will love this film. Tom Cruise was at his height in acting. All the Japanese actors were great. I'm ordering Shogun for the Japanese history.
 Though I'm not a huge fan of Cruise's, his acting's been getting better with age. The Last Samurai is a solid film that shows us cultural clashes between American ideals and Japanese philosophies in a truly enjoyable way. Definitely worth watching!
 This is a movie that is based in ancient japan and shows you the real way of the samurai. It was a time when old japan was being destroyed and the new japan was being born. It gives you a better understanding about that time period in japan. It really was a big part of history for japan. It just a great film.
 Well, I remember the first time I came across this film when my school decided to take the senior boys to the movie, I being one of them those days. 'Last Samurai'. I was absolutely tantalized by the direction, by the beautifull scenario of Japan in the 19th Century, the war, etc. This film unlike many other battle and war oriented films is very very different and its not just the war or the battle sequences that overwhelmes your mind completely., I emphasize that! its also the emotional bond between each charecter. Ken Wantanbe and Tom Cruise were excellent and yes 'Taka' the sweet and beautifull sister of Wantanbe, how could I ever forget her. I am glad I got the movie finally on a DVD. The dvd is the typical loaded dvd with lots of extra features and the documentries were very interesting indeed. Thank you Amazon.com once again. Would purchase from here again!
 This was a very important part of history that everyone should want to know, also important to see how the western civilization affected nations across the globe.
 I am not necessarily a Tom Cruise fan but I thought he did an outstanding job in this role.  I loved this movie.  It was well cast and written.
 I think that this is a great movie for my collection. I am not only a costumer here but also a Seller, and let me tell you this movie is a keeper no doubt. Great visuals and great story!
 The video/audio transfer has excellent quality like what I experienced from other WB blu-ray discs in addition to being an enjoyable movie.
 Although not a box-office hit and factually inaccurate, I love this movie and would definitely put it in my top 10 favorites of all time.  My wife just bought me a PS3 and I had to pick up a blu-ray disk to see the difference for myself.  With SO MANY terrible, terrible movies available on blu-ray (Flyboys, Stealth, and Reign of Fire - the movie i consider to be one of the worst of all time - just to name a few), I decided to pick this up even though I already owned it on DVD.  I had seen the movie in HD on DirecTV before, so there were no surprises regarding quality, but I was still really impressed when switching between this and the 480p picture produced by my DVD player.  The colors are much more vibrant, the clarity is remarkable and it serves to submerse you in a movie that was already great as it was.  As a huge fan of the movie as well as of HD picture quality, I was happy to pick this up at Best Buy for $25, but I probably wouldn't recommend getting this if you have it on DVD already unless you're a big fan.  Now, if they could just get the Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-Ray...
 I just read one review that said the HD-DVD looks just like the DVD. I don't know what kind of equipment this guy is using, but on my 57 Sony HDTV, the difference is remarkable. This was admittedly my first HD-DVD purchase (and if I'm not mistaken, one of the first movies to be released on HD-DVD), but I am very picky about audio and video quality. The opening scenes had me speechless when I saw how clear and vivid everything looked. I subscribe to Dish Network along with their HD package, and this movie even makes those beautiful HD channels seem like something is missing. (The reason being that satellite channels contain more compression artifacts than HD-DVD.)  If you're a fan of the movie and have an HD-DVD player, don't hesitate. It's incredible.
 As a teacher of the martial arts and more specifically Bushido. I try to instill a sense of morality in my students. Think what you will about tom Cruise (Love him or hate him) but his character is a good balance to the movie and helps mainstream an otherwise "foreign film even people I know that will not typically watch a martial arts film enjoy this one. Ken  Watanabe is the best as Katsumoto. They couldn't have picked anyone else. The sense of honor is timeless. The blood is minimal for a movie of this genre.
 Wow. This movie deserves so many awards I can't even think of enough.  This movie was the first movie to make me cry watching it.  This movie had to be the most inspirational movie I have ever seen. If you haven't seen it yet, you have to see it.  Gladiator almost got me into tears at the end, but this movie finally did it.  If you liked Gladiator, you will love this movie, especially if you are interested in Oriental culture.
 When it first came out, i had no interest as i felt after learning of the story, that while tom cruise is a good action film actor, he didnt possess the depth of skill to pull off a film of this nature.  After catching pieces of it on cable, i decided to make an effort and watch it from beginning to end, and did so a second time.  I then bought it and watched it  again.  I became immersed in it more deeply each time, realizing that there is a great deal of subtlety and depth not obtainable from an initial viewing.  From the strength of the superb supporting characters, to the gradual changing of cruise's character, and the details of the time re-created so credibly by the filmmakers, this was an excellent film of substance, not traditionally done by hollywood.  While i have seen Dances with wolves, as others have complained about the lack of originality of the storyline, i feel that not to be completely accurate.  I also feel cruise's portrayal was more convincing than Costner's, and that this film is of equal power and effectiveness.  There are, like all films, weaknesses, such as the lack of exploration of the samurai's rejection of modernity, (a deleted scene on disc 2 touches upon this), and the dialogue can be a bit lacking, such as the exchange between katsumoto and the emperor as to how the situation should be handled, these are minor in the grand epic that is the last samurai.  Watch it with an open mind, and scrutinize the background/secondary characters, all of whom - especially ujio - were excellent.  And imho, it was a better picture than Return of the king, but than again, hollywood picked Titanic over LA Confidential for best picture, so who said hollywood is a place for the intelligent?
 What a great movie.  Acting is excellent, movie is suspensful and exciting, action is extrodinary.  I have to say i was so embarrased to see Tom Cruise in that ridiculous outfit on the preview.  When i saw it my mind completely changed though.  I honestly can't think of anything that would make the movie better.  The fights were brilliant, nothing looked even the slightest bit fake.  The story was excellent and exciting tell the end.  I really was not expecting much out of this other than some good fights but after seeing it i had to buy it the day it came out.  I loved everything about this movie and there is nothing i can critisize on.  Excellent movie, a must see.
 This movie has it all. Drama, action, amazing battle scenes - the best I've ever seen.  It's definitely a must see.
 I always was interested in the idea and ideals of the Samurai, but no one movie can envelope as much as this one. Others, like Ghost Dog
 "The Last Samurai was a story about a man who changes the way that he feels about a certain type of people in Japan. It stars Tom Cruise, but to me he was not the star of the film. I feel that the movie had most of its power from the supporting actor Ken Watanabe. The way that he acted throughout the movie could give him the Oscar in the Best Supporting Actor Catagory. The entire movie could win many different awards, and I'm glad that Tom Cruise was not nominated, because I have seen him in much better roles, like "Minority Report, or "Vanilla Sky. His great scene comes towards the end, where he gives emotion and power at once. Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War hero who loves to drink. He's recently come from battling American Indians in the west, and often had bad memories of what took place during those battles. But Algren gets a job when Japanese businessman Omura wants him to train the new army, with somebody that he knows Bagley. Bagley wants Algren because of the way that he battled the Indians. Algren agrees when he is able to bring his fellow Army fighter Sergeant Zebulon Gant. When they make it to Japan, they are met by the translator Simon Graham, and they begin to train the troops for battle. But Omura wants them to fight the samurai and their leader Katsumoto right away, and overrules Algren causing him to take his inexperienced troops to battle the Katsumoto. Algren is almost killed during the battle, but taken back to Katsumoto's village, which is ruled by his son. Algren is trapped, and there is no way for him to be able to return back to Japan. While with Katsumoto, he learns all about the way of the samurai and he finds out that there is nothing wrong with the people that Omura wants to kill. But it also becomes clear that Bagley is getting ready to fight. Algren befriends Katsumoto, and the two learn that they have much more in common then they oringally thought, and it becomes clear to Algren what he must do. "The Last Samurai was a beautiful film. It had a beautiful sceney, beautiful action, some beautiful acting, and beautiful direction. I really did love it, and I am including it on the best of 2004, only beause I saw it at the very beginning of this year. This is one of those movies that you have to see in the theatre, otherwise it is not going to be an good. It is a big screen movie, and I have a feeling that I would have been disappointed if I saw it on video first. Try and see it now, before it totally disappears. ENJOY! Rated R for strong violence and battle sequences.
 The way of Samurai is the way of Death. I think Tom Cruise really understood that and he can die happy now. See the film and think about your death - will it be so beautiful and meaningful as the death of Katzumoto? The film
 This is movie is so great. I am really dissappointed that Tom Cruise wasn't nominated for an Oscar for his wonderful acting. He does such a good job to make us feel for his character and care about what happens to him and the samurai. The action is wonderful and there is no unnecessary romantic scenes like it seems many movies do these days. It is such a wonderful movie for the whole family and it's dissappointing to see that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. Watch this movie, and if you've already seen it, watch it again!!!
 What a rush! This is one of the best movies I have seen in a very very long time. I will not bother giving a synopses for the movie, but I will tell you what I loved. The movie has a great theme, that of a man seeking to atone for his sins. In the end, he finds the means to forgive himself through the help of another man, Kasamoto and his culture. Granted, there are several historial inaccurate items, but that does not stop this from being a great and enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise name might get first billing for this movie, but Ken Watanabe steals the show as the honourable Kasamoto. He has rightly been honoured with a Academy Awards nomination. If anything, watch the movie for him!
 "The Last Samurai is BY-FAR - without a doubt - THE BEST MOVIE EVER in the history of movie-making! Returns us to the classics! They don't make them like this anymore! A MUST-SEE! AND a MUST-sweep for the Oscars, the Golden Globes, the Screen Actors Guild, and the remainder of the awards season! Tom Cruise (Captain Nathan Algren) gives the best performance of his career! And Ken Watanabe (Lord Katsumoto) and Koyuki (Taka) give OUTSTANDING supporting performaces! TWO THUMBS WAY UP!!! My favorite movie of ALL TIME!
 If you don't already know the whole story of this great film, let me tell you what you need to know about it. It is story about regaining self respect. Everyone deals with demons in their past, if you would like to see a film that is exceptionally well acted, and beautifully filmed set in 19th century Japan, that deals with overcoming past mistakes this is  a film you will love. If you do, you will really love the book <a href="http
 It is rare that movies with historical perspectives can capture all three sides of a conflict so accurately.  As anyone who's studied Japanese history can tell you, the conflict herein was almost perfectly portrayed on all levels; within the government, within the characters, and within the nation (Japan) as a whole.  Set in the 1890's when Japan's emperor Meiji was trying desperately to "modernize (read "westernize") Japan, we get to see an American's perspective on the wars that are ravaging the old nation of Japan.  While many Japanese people were trying so hard to be fashionable and up to date, there were a great many who felt that the country was being robbed of it's heritage and the ideals that were so strongly ingrained in the people as a whole were being tossed to the side all in the name of "catching up with the rest of the world.  It's tragic to watch as the young emperor is manipulated by his advisors into betraying the one man whom he should have listened to all along; his former teacher and mentor Katsumoto.  During all of this, however, Tom Cruise is thrown into the mix as Nathan Algren, a retired Civil War hero who won acclaim for himself for massacreing the plains indians in the Nazi-esque style of the time ("I was just following orders at the time, sir").  Upon his arrival in Japan, his desperation for the sweet abyss of death is just out of reach time and again, but it is his capture by the "enemy where he finds his redemption.  Some people who have reviewed this film refuse to see the Samurai as anything but bloodthirsty and savage (much like too many people saw the Native Americans), which couldn't be farther from the truth.  A peaceful people by nature, but stoic and steadfast in their beliefs of honor and discipline (two words that are unfortunately lost on most Americans these days), the Samurai sought only to keep their country pure from foreign influence (a noble cause, if a bit misplaced and/or closed-minded) out of fear that their own way of life would go the way of the Indian (which it did anyway), and herein lies the true power of this film.  From the beginning of the film, anyone with any knowledge of Japanese history (or even of modern Japan) knows that the Samurai are ultimately doomed to die.  I knew this going in, but found that this movie kindled a hope in me that they could ultimately win and save their country from itself as the samurai way saved Algren (Tom Cruise) from himself.  While Algren succeeds, he and his cause ultimately fail and the emperor realizes this only too late as too much has already been set in motion due to the machinations of his scheming advisors who are only in it to line their own pockets (which is totally historically accurate; the merchant class saw in "westernization a way to finally grow in social stature and the Samurai were standing in their way, so they used their newfound wealth and influence to eradicate the Samurai).  Doomed from the beginning, this film is more about one man's triumph over his own demons than it is about a country falling apart.  Set against the backdrop of the Meiji "restoration"-era civil wars, there's no way this film doesn't succeed (except, perhaps, for the romantic interest which was unecessary but not to the point that it detracted anything from the film).  We root for the hero to overcome his own personal obstacles while watching him fight a losing battle against a place and time that ultimately implodes upon itself.  And while he comes out on top, and stronger for it, he is now  alone in his new world because those who got him to it have been slaughtered around him.  All in all, the movie is tragic yet uplifting at the same time.  It IS historically accurate (no matter what anybody tells you, take it from someone who used to live in Japan and has studied Japanese history for 13 years), it is worth watching, and it was far more oscar-worthy than that abortion of a film about Japan "Lost in Translation. Wow, what a movie! First of all, the story line is so intersting. It is around 1876 and Japan is on course to introduce western lifestyle in the country. However, the Samurais, the traditional Japanese warriors they do not want to except this novice. Thus emperor of Japan confront them military. In order to train the Japanese military the US army captain (portrayed by Tom Cruise) is invited. During one of the confrontations he is taken as a prisoner by Samurais. He spends in Samurai village several month. He studies their lifestyle, their traditions and realizes that he was on the wrong side of the battlefield. Thus he decides to stand next to the Samurais and fight with them for their freedom.  This is an epic movie. It probably can be compared to "Braveheart". Tom Cruise is brilliant, his acting is amazing. This is must have for movie lovers. I still do not believe that Oscar committee prefered "The Lord of the Rings to "The Last Samurai". This is really dissapointing.
 I loved the movie myself. Great camera work, nice action scenes, and alot of drama. I think many people would benefit from watching the old 70's movie Shogun.  I think Cruise did a fine job. Was he "striving for an Oscar"? Don't know. Don't care. Why not let the movie and actors stand for themselves? Does he have the same personality in all his movies? Well, yah, sorta. But I'm sorry so do most actors that people think are great. I love Anthony Hopkins myself, but he always seems the same. The only actor (another that I love) I can think of off the top of my head that is actually different in some of his movies is Gary Oldman and that's stretching it a bit.  I liked the relationship between Cruise and the people of the village. He saw them as savages, and they saw him the same way. The "relationship with his hostess didn't seem strained to me. She hated him because he was an unwashed savage that killed her husband, but as time progressed, no one could deny his trying not only to fit in but to not back down (which is something they would appreciate). And, he got on well with her kids. Call me chauvanistic here, but any man that is good with a woman's kids will hit a soft spot. And, there was no "Take me, Cruise!!! scene at all in the movie. I don't see the problem. Also, he never was samurai. He appreciated their culture but admittedly didn't understand alot of it which is... understandable.  As to the final part of the movie being overly done hollywood... I think SOMEONE had to survive. Someone had to bring this to the emperor's face and show it in a personal way. When you think about it, Algren was the only option for this. Was it cliche'? Sure. But, had it just ended with them all dying, there would have been no resolution. Perhaps had the emperor been there to see it... then I would say you could just leave it at all the men dying and the emperor being moved by it, but he wasn't. So, someone had to bring this to him. It couldn't be Katsumoto, because he (and his sword) was the message itself. It couldn't have been the other samurai, because to do such a thing would have been not their place and disrespectful (culture gaps here). The only person who could to this, and get away with it, was Algren. He was NOT a samurai (and don't be confused into thinking  The Last Samurai referred to him, because it didn't. It referred to Katsumoto.), AND he represented a third party perspective. That was the clincher. The act moved an "honorless white man (culture gap again) to come before the emperor and even offer to end his life in some accordance to the Bushido code. It WAS moving.  And it wasn't saying that by becoming "modernized the Japanese were doing wrong (as a reviewer put it). It was attempting to demonstrate and correct the attitude
 I rated The Last Samurai 5 stars because it was the best movie i have ever seen. It's got it all mad good action, a little comedy, and some romance. I don't really like romance but with the girl that plays Katsamoto's sister. She is really hot. And I liked the movie so much I went to go see it again. I can't get enuff of it. I am going to see it again. So go see The Last Samurai I garntee you will love it.(.)(.)
 I was able to catch a sneak preview of this movie. This movie is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It has action, humor, and lots of emotional moments. I don't have time for details. This is a movie that should not be missed! Forget Master and Commander and Timeline, GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
 When I saw this film at the theaters, I remember enjoying it but not thinking much of it.  Now, years later, I watched it again, and I was so pleasantly surprised. The story is very dramatic, it's beautifully photographed, and the action is breathtaking. The performances across the board are great, including what I consider a career best from Tom Cruise.  It's just really good. If you like historical dramas like Gladiator, Braveheart, or Dances with Wolves, you should really enjoy this. It's definitely in the same league.
 Not 100% FACTUAL but a great movie with a wonderful view of changing cultural upheaval and the clash of traditional with technological
 I love this movie. It is one of the best with Tom cruise. This is one that will watch more than once.
 I owned this movie before & it was stolen from my house. I was determined that I would not buy it again, but it was such a good movie I had to give in. The real reason for this review is the fast dependable service provided by Amazon. I ordered this movie & had it in my mailbox two days later. Thank you Amazon, you never let me down.
 The film itself is great now that i saw it on blu-ray its just amazing.
 My brother thinks of this as one of the best movies ever.  I thought it was pretty good, but I sent it to him for a what the heck gift, and it was worth it to make him happy.
 Well we already know about the movie so i am not going to comment on it. The most noticable thing about this Blu Ray release is the picture quality, its sharp, vivid colors, simply amazing. 
 This movie held my attention all the way through. It has a lot of action, but it was well-paced, believable, and well-intertwined with great drama and cinematography. The similarities this movie has with Dances with Wolves is intellectually stimulating and welcomes thoughtful discussion. I think I will add this DVD to my collection.
 I was captured by the strong similarities between Samuari culture and Native Americans back in the day.  The use of horses, bow and arrow, weaving, agricultural lifestyle, respect and honor.  Portrayed romanticized life of Samurai with great action scenes and beautiful cinematography. This movie was easy to enjoy.  No serious criticisms about the movie since it was meant for pure entertainment.  Perhaps there were historical inaccuracies.....but its message was clear
 I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but I love this film.  I liked the story, the Japanese actors, the costumes and scenery.  I've watched this film several times, and I've cried everytime.
 Music, grandeur, great locales--everything!  Battle scenes are amazing.  Bought fullscreen edition and it fills big screen HDTV with vivid picture.  Extra disc has fascinating stuff.
 I am a high school student that is in love with the samurai.  This movie after I saw it made me get back into the martial arts which I had quit over a decade earlier and now I am a assistant instructor.  This movie is both historical correct on the sense of the last samurai killed himself.  There was no Tom Cruise character but that was based on James Clavells Shogun.  This movie is about a American veteran that has lost his will to live after some mishaps that he had when facing the american indians in the 1860's.  He gets recruited by the Japanese Shogun to train a modern army after Closed Door policy that had lasted for over two hundred years.  The samurai are revolting because of the change and the Western nations changing Japan.  Tom Cruise gets a new outlook on life when he meets the samurai and finds something he loves.  This movie had me in tears b/c of the history and emotion that was put into this movie.  A must see film and a must buy film.
 Many people say that Tom Cruse is unconvincing or overrated. I am now convinced that these people have seen neither this film or Collateral. This is a heart-felt, pure epic of sorts which are very rare in this day and age. This film follows a sad storyline of fighting for tradition and avoiding judging anyone until you meet them. This movie is filled with breath-taking scenary of the Japanese landscapes, and riveting battle sequences. Films of this caliber are very rare.  *9* (A)
 This movie was a masterpiece. I felt it should have deserved more credit for what it received. One of Tom Cruise's best performances of all-time. A GREAT story that was well told of a long forgotten group of warriors in Japan who fought and served with honor, excellence, and discipline with a purpose. Their duty lies in their name - Samurai=to serve. The most sophisticated warrior of its time. The scenes shot in the movie were picture perfect and awe-inspiring for admirers of Japanese culture and Japanese history. A story of West meets (Far)East. Tom Cruise's ignorant, cocky, character from the West leads to a humbling experience when he learns to live with the Samurai and understand their way of life. He reveals that they were not a barbaric people but instead a sophisticated society that lived in discipline. Opposite of what the West had perceived of the Samurai image. I recommend anyone to this movie and if you didnt know it will open up a new perception of a people who lived long ago.
 After seeing all of the movies nominated for Best Picture 2003, and just watching The Last Samurai last night, I feel that this movie (not to mention its actors)was greatly overlooked by the Academy. Cruise is spectacular as the disillusioned 7th Cavalry Captain who finds his place among Katsumoto's (Ken Watanabe..who should have won an Oscar as well)rebel band of samurai's who are fighting to keep their tradition alive in a time when Japan is looking to become more westernized. This movie has a little bit of something in it for everyone and I highly recommend it...
 The Last Samurai is an inspiring, artistic, touching movie. It even manages to stay pretty close to the historical facts it's based on.  The premise of the movie is anything but new, even so, it's a unique production. It offers insight into the japanese culture and we, the audience, take it in through the senses of the main character, Nathan Allgren [Tom Cruise]. We learn about the samurai, honor, trust, pursuit of perfection and harmony, discipline and tradition, all adjectives that make Japan what it is today.  There are a couple of things however that I personally would have liked to have seen changed. A bit more action and a bit less philosophy and talk [less gab, more shooting one might say].  The last scenes of the movie could have definitely done well without the typical hollywood dramatic dialogue and action. It was a bit over the top compared to the rest of the movie which was realistic and down-to-earth.  Almost forgot to mention the movie's soundtrack. Absolutely brilliant, the tracks are a combination of japanese traditional music and western music. Beautiful.  All in all, I absolutely loved this movie and is now part of my DVD collection. It's one of the few titles I would enjoy watching again once in a while.
 I gave 5 stars to this movie and also to Tom Cruise's performance. It's one of the most powerful Hollywood epic dramas. I also am impressed by the great acting of the supporting cast, such as Katsumoto's son. His performance was very good indeed. When Tom Cruise was captured in his village, we saw a kind, innocent and pure boy. When he was helping his father to escape, he became brave and determined. I was sad to see him fighting to his death. The diverse sides of this young man were well handled by the actor. You won't forget this movie after you watch it. I truely think Tom Cruise is a great actor. His acting is getting better and better, unlike some actors/actresses who never improve themselves but merely depend on their good looks. Conclusion
 I rank this movie right up there with Braveheart and Gladiator as far as epics go. At first I thought this was going to be one of those "face time movies just to get a paycheck for Tom Cruise, but to my suprise it was a great movie. While watching this movie I actually learned something, which I wasn't expecting, and that was that the samurai were alot like the native americans in the ways that they were removed from their own land.This is one of the best movies to come out in the last couple of years and a breath of fresh air compared to those movies like Master and Commander that claimed to be action movies but were really just "face time for their leading man.
 wow, this movie was great... im serious, everyone should watch this movie. it was brilliant. It's about Tom Cruise, he starts to train a Japanese army and then during a battle between his troop and the saumrai he killed a samurai and then he is taken prisoner with the samurai but they are kind to him and stuff. well eventually, he makes friends and what not with the samurai and he goes to battle on their side. i cryed so hard in so many parts of the movie. it was just so beautiful. and i laughed at some of tom's lines. he really isnt such a bad actor nd this is by far his best movie yet. and the action scenes (being a tru fan of patriot,braveheart, and saving private ryan) were filmed really well.  it's true, this may not depicted what it was really like but i dont know why so many people are criticizing this movie. alot of people are saying its an insult to japanese to think that an american is the last samurai after a little while of learning. calm down! my best friend is asain and she cryed and loved the movie! it was not insulting to her nor her mother! i wouldnt mindif americans were wiped out in battle and the only one left was an asain who adopted western ways. i'd be proud that soeone survived and passed on the legacy of my people. that whole idea is a bunch of racist crap and stop overreacting!!!! i didnt think the movie was slow either. every part was beautiful and filled with depth and emotion. there was no way the editor could delete ANY scenes that were in the finished product because they were all necessary and lets face it... BRILLIANT! and alot of people are saying the characters werent well developed but cant u see
 A lot of people (myself, included) were skeptical when this movie was released. "Ok, a white guy (let alone Tom Cruise) playing the "Last Samurai"!?  Yeah right! was the general consensus.  After watching this movie, though, you'll see that it's an homage to the Japanese culture, and Tom is merely there as an outside observer to show the culture shock that happens when he's introduced to their, very different, way of life.  As far as the HD-DVD transfer goes, the movie never looked better!  I have a home theater (my screen is over 9 feet wide!) so I need HD, otherwise images look just "ok", as opposed to "spectacular", the way this movie does.  Highly recommended if you're a fan of the Japanese culture or Tom Cruise.  And if you're a fan of Ken Watanabe then this movie is a MUST HAVE, because his role and his acting job are superb (as usual)!
 I purchased this video for my teenage son. He has watched it several times, and says he would recommend it to anyone that likes these types of movies.
 When I first heard about this movie I was sceptical. I was afraid that a Samurai movie starring a white guy might end up kind of goofy. But Tom Cruise puts in a strong performance here and won me over by the end of the film. If you love swords this is the movie for you. Tons of training with swords, fighting with swords, and philosiphising about them. The action is spectacular, and the score is stirring. The cinemtography is beautiful. The mountain village reminded me of the shire and made me want to live there. For a movie with some brutally violent action sequences, it also features some amazingly peaceful and relaxing moments in the middle of the film. Anyone who believes in honor and chivalry will find this movie inspiring.  Est Sularus Oth Mithas!
 It's unfortunate that some people dont see the true beauty of this film, like me if you are a anime fan you should see it. The last samurai is great from beginning to end the fight scenes were great and the story and plot was so perfect it's almost unbelievable. Even though the story is fake the families involved and the events that make this story come to life are all historic facts.These men died in battle and even know they died they died to get their point across and to be heard when they needed to be heard the most. It was a fight that couldn't be won but to these men it was either fight  and die proud  or run and you would be forced to kill yourself and die a coward, they died and the rest of their family lived to fight another day.Tom cruse did a great job in this movie but the awards should go to Ken watanabe or Katsumoto and the other men/samurai who made this movie great. To end this some peolple need to be told that before watching this movie dont mistake it for a fraud because some people expect Tom cruse to be the last samurai and seeing that he is not of japanese descent that might bother some people and it's nothing like that because I judged this movie before seeing it and I was dead wrong and suprised at what saw and loved this movie.
 (4.5 Stars) I have noticed the people that didn't give this movie good ratings were more or less history buffs or are really into studying ancient Japan.  I myself enjoyed this movie alot, although I do have to say it reminds me, in principle, of dances with wolves.  White man is hired to destroy foreign culture, white man falls in love with culture, white man fights on the side of the culture he was supposed to destroy....same plot essentially right?  With that said, the action scenes are entertaining and I found the character development between the samurai and cruise to be pretty good.  Even though I generalized it like that it is still a really good movie...but that's only my opinion.
 I loved every minute of this movie.  In some ways though I love the ending the most.  I know a lot of people were pissed off by it, but here's how I look at it.  You have to listen to the narration--no one knows what really happened.  That final scene--in my opinion--is only what the british linguist wants to believe happened to his friend.  As for Tom Cruise surviving, well again the narration points out that many people think he died of his injuries.  He may have made it off that battle field, but he didn't do it easily.  Also, somone pointed out that if he really believed the Samuri code he would have killed himself.  A) I think he owed it to Katsumoto to bring the Emperor his sword, and tell the emperor what took place.  The whole point of that battle was to send a message to the emperor, and it was a message that needed at least one person to drive it home.  B)Anyone who thinks he should have just killed himself misses the fact that he isn't samuri.  He's a melding of two cultures.  Even after all he'd been through, I think that remains true.
 I cannot say enough good things about this movie so I will try to keep it short. Set in 19th century Japan a single group of samurai is all that is left of a once fearsome and noble tradition, and Tom Cruise ends up staying with them. I do not want to say much more about the story, unlike some other reviewers, because it is impossible to tell as well as the film does. I will just say that this epic and beautfully written tale leaves you with a whole new respect for what samurais have done for the legend of Japan.    Tom Cruise is simply phenomenal! This is his best performance on the silver screen by far. Also, his co-star Ken Watanabe who plays the leader of the samurai is better than your highest expectaions. As for the fighting, there are many great scenes that range from sword training to being raided by ninjas to the final bloody battle that can stand up to any other ever filmed.  Speaking of blood, the special effects are outstanding and the sound is excellent, they really bring the action to life.  The anamorphic widescreen format is the icing on the cake.  Packed with incredible fights and battles, breathtaking cinematography, and violence up the yin-yang(I know that is chinese) The Last Samurai is a must have for any movie fan!
 The degree to which I loved this film was really surprising.  It is a film of epic proportions.  The viewer is treated to a slice of historical fiction that, thanks to the second accompanying DVD, examines the degree the filmmakers qwent to guarantee the accuracy of the time period through the actors, the scenary, the costumes and more.   This movie is about a used up war Captain down on his luck who gets the opportunity to make a good deal of money by selling what he has left to offer - that being his lifetime of warring, of making war and of studying war.  He is perpetually haunted by the memories of his time serving under General Custer when he was ordered to murder innocent Native Americans, women and children, who he knew were innocent at the time they were slaughtered.  He became an alcoholic.  So the Captain is provided with this opportunity to go to Japan and train the newly developing Japanese army with the intention of defeating the old Samarai warriors who have been the protectors of the Japanese people for over 1000 years.  The young Emperer is being pushed into the modern times.  As a result, the Captain becomes exposed to the ways of the Samarai.  The story is absolutely captivating.   Though I usualy don't do this, I watched the accompanying DVD with the special features.  I was glad I did because throughout the film I reflected back on what I saw and heard.  During the first 15 minutes I didn't think I'd like the film and I also had a hard time dealing with Tom Cruise as the Captain, but I knew shortly thereafter that I would be purchasing the movie on DVD.  There's just so much to see in this film and from so many different aspects that I want to be able to own and watch this movie whenever I'd want as well as share and encourage my friends and family to see it as well.
 THE LAST SAMURAI starring Tom Cruise has been compared far too much to DANCES WITH WOLVES as though, somehow, what we have here is a reversal of THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN.  Let's just look at the movie for its own sake and forget the nonsense about comparisons to other flicks, especially DANCES WITH WOLVES. THE LAST SAMURAI is simply a beautiful story about a man who is able to see the best in his  enemies.   Taken prisoner, he is forced to study a culture that is based on honor and simplicity and determines to defend  what he has come to love.  The movie goes a long way in portraying the end of feudal Japan and accurately depicts a culture bound by spiritual beliefs that permeated everything from the way tea was served to how a warrior honorably ended his own life.  And all without the ridiculous and unnecessary political correctness that saturated DANCES WITH WOLVES! If you watch and enjoy this movie for nothing more than the beauty of Japan and the wonderful way that the makers of this movie put it on the screen you will be richly rewarded.  Supporting Cruise, Ken Watanabe is superb in his role as the Samurai chieftain, Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Sanada is a scene-stealer as Cruise's antagonistic enemy, Ujio, turned reluctant but effective teacher and mentor.
 This movie is about the honor of a disappearing culture falling to the ever enchroaching imperial world in both 19th Century America and Europe.  It is about the Samurai who are no longer needed in a Westernized Japan and symbolizes the culture of Japan as it is swallowed up by Western Imperialism in the 19th Century. The movie centers around Captain Algren (Tom Cruise), an ex-American Civil War soldier and Indian fighter who has lost his honor and is disillusioned about the world he lives in.  Tom Cruise is great in this role and is quite possibily his best role yet.  Algren is sent to Japan by America to train the Imperial Japanese army in the way of Western warfare and weaponry.  This sets up the confrontation between the Samurai, who are defending their dying culture, and Algren, who is trying to destroy that culture.  Algren is captured by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the Samurai leader, in the battle.  While in capitivity, Algren learns the way of the Samurai and comes to respect the dying culture. Many people say this is just a rip off of Kevin Costner's Dances With Wolves.  It isn't.  This is a vastly different storyline with a similiar idea that can be seen in Dances With Wolves.  The two are different stories. The production values of this movie are great and well directed by Edward Zwick (Glory).  Definitely the a great directed movie.  My hat is off to the crew that made this happen. Yes, there are historical accuracies in the film, but besides Gods and Generals and Gettysburg, how many films are historical accurate?  Not many and if they were they would probably be rather boring to many.  On this DVD is a documentary about the true story of the Last Samurai by the History Channel.  So if you are worried about historical inaccuracies then you can get the real tale in the documentary on the special features disc. All in all a great movie about a dying culture and how some people won't simple [surrender] themself to save their life and lose their culture.
 A very well crafted movie, with so many parallels to the spiritual life, especially the priesthood. I was particularly struck by its romantic view of an idealized lost culture, juxtaposed against modern industry and greedy politicians, which served as a warning against the dangers of Utilitarianism (which pope John Paul II spent so much time speaking out against in his writings).
 One of my all time favorites. Arrived early in great condition. It was wonderful to see it in HD. I have it on DVD but it was a great deal.
 Bargain deal at a great price. Bought it during Black Friday at amazing low price with super saver shipping! Packaging is fine.
 asome!! A must see movie if you love action!! worth watching more then once. hurry and get yours today. My son watched it four times.
 Movie was easy to find online.  It arrived as promised and I'm happy with the order and the way it was processed.  I'll order from this company again.
 I'm happy with the service, especially the package and the protection of this item. The movie have very good quality image and sound. I will recommend to my friend and family
 Nathan Algren (played by Tom Cruise) is a troubled alcoholic who is fast approaching self-destruction, following the North American Indian Wars.  Down and nearly out, Algren is approached by members of his former cavalry unit to help train the emerging Japanese military.  At first Algren is driven by the opportunity to make a quick and substantial dollar in Japan, yet it is when he is left for dead that he begins the process of healing himself, whilst held in captivity.  The film provides a sample of a Japan that has newly opened itself to the Western World, with tradition and new ways having an uneasy relationship.  It is possibly one of Cruise's best performances of the 2000's, and the movie narrative is rich with action and meaningful story.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 I always wanted to see this movie, and I wasn't disappointed.  It was a wonderful DVD!!  It arrived in pristine condition.
 Great Quality DVD, clean, no scratches. Came quite quickly. Came with everything as promised and in perfect condition! NO complaints here!
 It was a quick send It was a great product I would buy from againnn
 This movie is one of the best movie every time you see it... you learn somthing new.
 I have seen the film in theaters and about a hundred times on DVD. I beleive it to be the very best film on dvd. Ps. HEY DUDE WHO WROTE THAT SAMURAI IS INNCORECT AND BUSHI IS CORRECT IS WRONG, BUSHI WAS THE SAMURAI'S NAME BEFORE THEY WENT INTO SERVICE OF THE EMPEROR, SAMURAI "TO SERVE MEANS TO SERVE THE EMPEROR, READ UP ON YOUR HISTORY BEFORE MAKING SUCH ALIGATIONS.  ANYWAYS best dang movie of all time 5 out of 5.
 The Last Samurai is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It was a blockbuster smash in Japan.  It tells the story of the Samurai of Japan and how they became obsolete due to westernization of their country.  Although the last scene with the emperor concerning his decision whether to fully open Japan to the West is pure fiction, the rest is generally accurate.  The director seeks to romanticize the samurai.  The samurai traditions and culture are not that difficult to romanticize.  Everything they stood for is portrayed in the film.  Watching it, you yearn to add these values to your own life, and feel achingly their loss to today's society.  This is the true value of the film - to raise the samurai once again, in their full glory of life, and the strange glory of their deaths. The climactic scene of the final battle between the samurai and the new army is predictable, yet still horrifying.  You just wish it could end differently.  Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are glorious.  Watanabe received a Best Supporting Actor nomination.  I feel The Last Samurai should have received more nominations, and at least one Oscar. In real life, the last of the samurai did indeed perish in a last-stand battle against the new military.  They were led by a samurai general who died in the battle.  He is now a hero in Japanese legend and culture.
 I am not especially a big Tom Cruise fan but this was an EXCEPTIONAL Film.  I can see that a lot of time and effort went into the making of this wonderful film.  This action packed film keeps you on the edge of your seat and will also tear at your heart. It is a must have for all serious film buffs and dvd collectors.  I will watch this film again and again.
 For those who enjoy the book SHOGUN by James Clavell, sit back for a true treat.  The story, though not new, is very tightly woven.  From the epic scenery of Japan(wow!) to the battles scenes(double wow!), this movie shows nothing but grace througout it's 2 1/2 hours.  The romance was refreshing and beautiful as there are no nudity or sexual scenes that hollywood soo depends on to get ratings(or points across).  How powerful it is to just see plain human emotion show by one's ever so slight movement and gestures.  Incredible.  The Asian actors, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada, and Koyuki(gorgeous in all graceful forms) all deserve nominations as I rarely see such inspiring performances.  Everything you'd expect in a grand adventure from director Edward Zweck.  The music by Hans Zimmer is truly deserving.  Though not as "Japanese as some reviewers stated, I truly felt heart motivated through his symphonic composition for the battle scenes.  I'm sorry, should I instead state "awe inspired"!  So sit back, relax and enjoy something that only comes out once in awhile.  If you like this, perhaps you'll also enjoy a Japanese animation that's called "samurai X
 The guys wrote a lot of good stuff in other reviews and i'm not gonna add any more except my HIGH appreciation and recommendations to this movie. I watched twice in the cinema, and finally i go the DVD and watched it again. To me, this is the best movie for Tom Cruise. And it will be a while till he can do something that is better than this one. Again, This is PERFECT. It deserves the 5 stars without hesitating. regards
 "The Last Samarai is one of the greatest films released in 2003, starring Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe.  Its hardhitting impact is intense enough to keep audiences' eyes wide open through the whole movie.  Its written plot of a US soldier changing his life for the better in Japan is brilliant.  Despite the war themes, there are some great heartwarming scenes, namely when the US soldier starts healing his pains from his US war battles.  As he begins learning Japanese traditions, he begins learning more about himself, which plays a crutial part in the film.  As this develops, the drama also develops, which keeps audiences interested.  This allows the conflicts between the two sides to be brought out as brilliantly as it was.  His friends' life stories add an additional unique flavor.  The war scenes are uniquely intense.  Few other movies have thought of such original war scenery.  This teaches audiences that there is no one way to fight a war or to solve a conflict.  Its Oscar-nominated 1870's Japanese setting is flawless.  They prove that they did their research to construct such an elaborate set.  The war scenes are desplicted as brutal as they should thanks to the special effects.  The costumes are accurate from those times.  Such great background offers an improved sense of this masterpiece film. Tom Cruise's underrated role as US soldier Nathan Algren is his best in years.  His two years of training to prepare for his role paid off.  He never loses his intense sense of emotion for a second.  The pain and agony expressed are as pure as if he actually lived it.  Ken Watanabe's Oscar-nominated role as Samarai leader Katsumoto rightfully places him in the spotlight.  This performance makes acting appear easy when it's actually the opposite.  He proves that he will become a big-name actor in the next following years.  All other actors also performed their roles beautifully. "The Last Samarai is great for those looking for a unique war movie with emotion.  This is sure to please many audiences.  This is destined to be a classic in the following years as it deserves.
 &#65533;The path to enlightenment is littered with the bodies of the ignorant.&#65533; This movie was simply incredible.  The acting second to none, the story moving and flawless, the characters deep and passionate, a must see, again and again. Hired to train the army of a Japan drowning in western influence, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), becomes captured by a band of &#65533;savage&#65533; samurai warriors led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). In the months to come Algren embraces the code of the samurai and befriending his &#65533;savage&#65533; enemies to soon discover there is nothing savage about honor, duty, and respect.
 After reading some of the reviews here, I was not expecting too much from this movie, but thought I would give it a try anyway. I was truly surprised, it was VERY well done, the acting and story line were far more solid then I had expected. This movie delievered far more then I expected.  So all I really have to say, is give this movie a try, I doubt you will be disapointed.
 Although I generally eschew movies with battles and lots of warfare, and had to be convinced by my husband to see this, I was amazed at how wonderful this movie was.   There were no cheesy moments in this film.  There were no gratuitous gore, violence, or nudity.  No sex, just the gentle suggestion of what could happen at some other date.  It was fabulously done.  Fully believable, and very in tune with the Japanese culture that I was exposed to while living there. Clearly a previous reviewer didn't watch the film carefully.  The main character was never officially made a samurai; however, he was exposed to eastern philosophies in a gentle, very authentic, eastern philosophy way.  The main character learned about mindlessness, mindfulness, and other tennants of Buddhism, but overall the main theme of this epic was HONOR.  Honor in living, honor in battle, and honor in death.   Young teens and older children could watch this field, because it lacks the graphic violence and sexuality as I mentioned before.  I am the mother of a 12 and 15-year-old, and I will show it to them  with no hesitation.
 Honor.  Integrity.  Loyalty.  And Bushido (translated to, "way of the warrior").  What place do these hold in life and all it encompasses.  Warner Bros. "The Last Samurai attempts to depict the epic and time age tale of traditional norms versus a new and modernizing society. The story takes place in Japan.  However, not Japan as we know it today, but just as it was emerging from its bloody, feudal cradle.  A feudal bloodbath entailing Japanese ways of life no more than 150 years ago. "The Last Samurai begins with a Japanese empirical advisor who needs the samurai eliminated in order to finish his railroad.  At first the samurai are viewed as imperial rebeliests; "barbarians with no sense of what is right and wrong.  The advisor hires an American Civil War veteran, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), and for $500 a month he trains a small army of men to fight the samurai.  But when the samurai attack a railroad construction village the advisor becomes impatient and orders Cruise's superior officer Colonel Benjamin Bagly (Tony Goldwyn) to lead the small and unprepared force against the samurai.  The skilled and experienced samurai easily overpower the unpolished army and take Cruise as their prisoner.  Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) the group leader of the samurai, along with other agendas, wishes to "know his enemy. Cruise eventually grows to love the simplicity and stillness of the samurai way of life.  He adopts the concept of Bushido (Japanese for "way of the warrior"); a theme that flows compassionately throughout the film.  Over the course of a year he learns samurai ways, their fighting methods, and even eventually begins to learn their language. But when his new found life is threatened by the old, he chooses to fight with the men he once considered his enemy. Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a downtrodden Civil War veteran who douses his troubles in alcohol.  He suffers from flashbacks that give Cruise's character a sense of shame and weariness.  And while Cruise's performance is exceptional even he cannot take precedence over the grandeur and scope of what "The Last Samurai does symbolize.  The death of an era, and the usherance of technological assimilation. Asian actors Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto), and Koyuki (Taka), play their roles brilliantly; and while their dialogue is not as numerous as Cruise's, their actions speak for more than themselves.  Katsumoto, is a proud, thoughtful, and an integrible samurai leader.  For more than 900 years he and his ancestors have protected the ways and honor of his people.  He and Cruise periodically converse in philosophical meetings sprinkled with humor.  Taka shines as Cruise's caretaker.  However, very early in the movie we find out that Taka is a widow of a samurai that Cruise has killed in battle; an enigma that lends a sense of depth and responsibility to both characters roles throughout the movie. Perhaps one of the more historical points is the weakness of the Japanese Emperor, Meiji, played by Scichinosuke Nakamura.  At this point of Japan's history, the Emperor became more of a figurehead, controlled by a group of economist advisors only wishing to fatten their wallets.  But this is portrayed in more of a symbolic matter throughout "The Last Samurai. Both the complexity and simplicity of "The Last Samurai, enjoy ubiquity throughout the film.  There is never a moment in which both must not be weighed equally.  With every scene there is a sense of duty and honor, while there is at the same time enjoyment in the stillness of life.  A concoction of artsy filmography and articulating background music allow the plot to encompass all aspects of the movie; never will a moment take precedence over the plot or all that it strives to facilitate.  The facts of the matter are perhaps best but in a quote from the movie
 "The Last Samurai is one of this year's best movies! It is brilliant and poignant, with emotional and brilliant performances by Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast. Tom Cruise is Captain Nathan Algren, a man who is conflicted by the past by a very serious incident that happened during the Civil War. He is offered a job in Japan, where he is going to train the emperor's soldiers. But, when they are pulled into combat early, that is when during the soldiers' first attack that Algren is captured by the Samurai and kept alive by Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe. That he is where he learns about his enemy and gets enlightened by them and decides to stay with them. Timothy Spall plays Simon Graham, a translator and photographer who is with Algren in this magnificent journey. Billy Connolly plays Zebulon Gant, a dear friend of Algren. Tony Goldwyn plays Colonel Bagley, a comrade and enemy of Algren's. This is a brilliant movie with a powerful story and a powerful word about how you look at things and you think at what they should be. Edward Zwick's directing is brilliant. The costume design by Ngila Dickson is splendid. The production design by Lilly Kilvert is incredibly beautiful. The film editing by Steven Rosenblum and Victor du Bois is excellent. The cinematography by John Toll is brilliant. The music by Hans Zimmer is powerful and brilliantly excellent. The story & screenplay by John Logan, Marshall Herskovitz, & Edward Zwick is emotionally powerful and brilliant. Go see this movie and it might inspire you and make you think about things in perspective. See it before you see "The Lord Of The Rings
 This movie was so great in all aspects. Tom Cruise excelled as the leading role. He brought humor, emotion, and charisma to his part that I really didn't think he could pull off. All of the Japanese Samurai characters were great and you will come to love them as the movie goes along. You can see why Cruise's character would rather live with them than his own people. The action scenes were awesome, but much more gory than even I expected. Those samurai swords can do some gruesome things. The movie is never boring, and it managed to keep my attention for the full 2 hours and 30 minutes. This movie is easily going to be nominated for best picture, music, and set design at the 2004 Oscars. Go see this extraordinary Movie..I guarantee you will be glad you did.
 This movie has action, drama, story, great cinematography and good acting. The fight sequences are well choreographed. The story is deep and has soul. It gave me that feel like when I saw dances with wolves and fighting spirit like Gladiator. This movie will bring the Warrior out of you once you get into it! If, like me you love Epics, History, Martial arts and ZEN stuff, You'll enjoy this movie hopefully.
 This film is definately on the top of my favorite movie list. Tom Cruise does a beautiful job portraying a Civil War veteran that is having a lot of difficulty accepting what occured in his past. He goes to Japan for a job of training a modern Japanese army fighting the last of the samurai that are rebeling against the ways of the government, but still fighting for the emperor. He ends up becoming a part of the warriors he was training to kill, and so begins the epic tale of Nate Algren. A memorable line that the charecter Nathan Algren states at the beginning of the movie is this
 Congratulations Ton Cruise you have finally made a film I can watch without wanting to punch you in the middle of your smug face, you took a back seat for once and let more talented actors have the stage.  I love the samurai genre and have seen probably every example (when the last sword is drawn is best in my view) and therefore felt compelled to watch this movie despite the fact I cant stand Cruise but in truth I have to say I LOVED THIS MOVIE.  It is superbly well made, visually stunning and very moving. Koyuki and uijo were deeply impressive as was katsumoto.  I have seen it six times now and it just gets better.  The soundtrack is worth buying on it's own. It deserved to have been  better received when it was released but it was in competition with 'the return of the king' which was unfortunate as the last samurai is far the better film.  No one I know who has seen this film has anything less than great admiration for it.
 This movie is one of the greatest action movies I have ever seen, with great acting, directing, and a great plot.  It keeps you interested for the full 2 and a half hours.  Nathan (Tom Cruise) is recruited (by his superior officer whom he despises) to train the Japanese army (he was a good warrior in the battles in the U.S. against the "Indians") as the Japanese are trying to civilize themselves and be a world power and they want to get rid of the Samurai and rural way of life and customs (including no firearms).  After being ordered to lead the Japanese Army into battle prematurely against the Samurai he is almost killed and captured by the Samurai as the Army gets demolished even with their guns.  He lives with the Samurai and their leaded Katsumoto, who after a while the two take a great liking to one another and Nathan begins to train with them and learn their lifestyle and discipline which he comes to highly admire.  After being returned almost 2 years later to the Japanese Army (which is 20 times larger now) he finds they have new firepower (gattling guns and cannons) and they will destroy the Samurai's in battle.  Katsumoto then turns himself in to the Emporer (who is his friend) only to be told he will die. But Nathan and the other Samurai's rescue Katsumoto and Nathan takes up w/ them in a battle against the whole Japanese Army.  That's all I'll tell you but you have to go see the movie, it's GREAT and you'll be pleased, especially at the ending and the honor and discipline that is promoted through the movie.
 I had the privilage of the movie and all i can say that it was amazing. everything from the acting to the set designs was great. The dialogue was very engaging and the fight scenes was out of this world, especially when TOM cruise's character fights Ujia in training. Tom does an excellent job and proves his acting can garner an oscar nomination for a lead role.
 I did not hear the best reviews of The Last Samurai when it came out. Many said it was a good film, but not up to the epic status it had obviously tried to achieve. My mother is not at all a Tom Cruise fan, so I did not hear much good about him either.   Then my grandparents glowingly recommended the movie to my whole family, and we decided to watch it with them one night when they came over. What I had seen when it ended was a moving, excellent film which, if not perhaps an epic, is certainly a wonderful tale of a culture and heritage slipping away from an ancient and lasting civiliazation.   As I said, this movie is perhaps not an epic on the scale of-The Lord of the Rings, for example. It does not contain quite the sweep and grand scale that the latter has in buckets. It is about honor, about discipline, and about a man from a completely different country who joins forces with the samurai. So no, I would not necessarily call it an epic, although it certainly contains some of the ingredients of one. Whether the director and screenwriters intended it to be, I do not know, but that certainly does not keep it from being one of the better films I have seen.   The hero is Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War veteran and soldier in the 7th Cavalry who fought in the Indian wars. At the beginning of the film, however, he is not employed in warfare, but in promoting the weapons of the Winchester arms company. He does not come out to perform in time, however, and he is fired.   Another job comes his way, however, when his commander asks him to accept the offer of a certain Mr. Omura, a man highly ranked in the Japanese government who, in accordance with his and the Japanese emperor's wishes to westernize his nation, is employing American soldiers to train the Japanese army. Algren agrees, although horrible memories of attacking innocent settlements in the Indian wars make him loathe his commander.   Once in Japan, Algren assumes the responsibility of training the Japanese army, which consists mostly of peasants who have never even held guns.   Then, before the army is fully trained, a samurai leader, Katsumoto, a man who thinks Japan is changing too quickly, continues the rebellion he had previously begun by attacking the railroad owned by the same Mr. Omura who hired Algren. Algren's superiors insist on attacking, despite Algren maintaining that the troops are unready for combat.   Despite superior firepower and numbers, the Samurai win a resounding victory at the battle, and Algren is captured. But after several difficult months, he finds himself living among friends, not enemies. He is captivated by the ideals and disciplines of the samurai, and comes to fight on their side in a climactic battle whose outcome will decide Japan's future.   The directing is certainly very good-Edward Zwick seems to be one of those talented fellows who can have two characters very obviously love each other without commiting fornication. That was one of the most amazing aspects of this movie. The sister of Katsumoto comes to love Algren during the course of his stay, and they actually remain chaste. Wow! What a concept! I am sick of having well-made movies filled with trash that renders it off-limits, and The Last Samurai was refreshingly free of sex.   A word of warning, though-it is fairly violent, and there is some swearing, so despite it's good qualities I wouldn't recommend it for the younger children.   The camera-work is also excellent, giving us some views of the wonderful countryside of...New Zealand. I find it a little strange that this movie was not actually filmed in Japan, but the country is so beautiful I can overlook it, and it looked to me like a place that could easily be found in Japan. But I have never been there, so don't take my word for it.   The acting is good, and having no previous exposure to Tom Cruise I was able to be satisfied with his performance and not have any unpleasant memories from his past films. Ken Watanabe is very good as Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Koyuki is wonderful as Katsumoto's sister.   But perhaps the best of all are the values in Last Samurai. Honor, devotion to duty, discipline, and courage to do what you believe is right in the face of danger are all lauded here. I don't think Western culture is being universally blasted here, but I do think the film makers are trying to say that technology is not all that matters; but that values and morals should be honored and practiced. Hollywood does not recognize that Jesus Christ is the only answer to life's questions and that He is the reason that all these morals are held in such high esteem, but they are at least doing something better than their ordinary fare.   Definitely recommended!
 This is the best damn tom cruise ever.I forgot that was tom and believed he was capt.nathan algren.this movie is a masterpiece.forget that review above and watch this instant classic.
 This is my favorite non-trilogy movie (RotK is actually my truly favorite), and while I respect anyone who loves this movie and gives it 5 stars, I must say that none of these reviews gives this movie any justice!  They tell you the basic story...an alcoholic Civil War guy...enemy...samurai!  While that is the story...there's a lot more to it than that!  What captivated me and all my friends (17 - 21 years old) was the Samurai...and, all the emotions of the story...an American kills the Red Samurai...who is the Samurai Captains Brother-in-law...he lives in the house and is cared for by the Red Samurai's widow...  Tom Cruise sees the beauty of the Samurai people and understands the honor and respect and culture and discipline of these people and realizes they are not the enemy!  He learns a lot from these people and earns their respect in many ways!  The widow...who knows Cruise killed her husband...offers the Red armor for Cruise to fight with Samurai against the Army Cruise was sent to train!  Beautiful movie in every way!  It is no way slow at any point!  When someone says this movie is "slow", it simply means they do not feel the emotion of silence and music and the visuals they see!  The battles are a very small part in the greatness of this movie!  But, the end of the last battle will have you reaching for a hanky!  The Samurai are a beautiful people!  Also recommended are Samurai books and old classic Japanese Samurai movies!  ...unless you think it'll be...slow!
 I just finished watching this movie and loved it!!!!! just as much as the first time i saw it. In memory of this movie i bought a set of samurai swords because i loved it so much
 This is a Great Movie And i love it.The price for it is cheap so it is a Must Buy!!
 I don't care if he's a little socially quirky (really what actor isn't).  I just loved this movie!  So subtly moving, and the cast was to die for!  Tom cruise is a great actor, love practically all his movies.  This movie was done exceptionally well, well done!
 This movie is NOT the sequel to Dances with Wolves! It's just the same movie except that instead of indians these are samurais!!  Of course, this movie have MORE ACTION than Dances with Wolves, more warfare, more cool fights and more blood!!! I could say that Last Samurai is better than Dances but ONLY because of the action, the story is a little predictable but still interesting.  P.S
 This movie is excellent in conveying a different and needed perspective about Japan at this period of history.  Much can be learned. Unfortunately, I am reading reviews from people that wanted a typical Tom Cruise action movie.  They were expecting a formula based on action, clever plot twists, and more action.  This does not require an effort to understand the beauty of another culture.  One reviewer complains that the Japanese actors were just being Japanese, and therefore not acting. After so many slice and dice 'em samurai movies, this one is a slice way above the rest.  Ken Watanabe starts the movie in deep meditation and having a vision.  His strong centeredness from meditation is carried through the entire film.  He did not get shaken by even the most insulting behavior from Cruise as Captain Algren.  This chemistry was special throughout the film.  This is a formula that includes real story telling, action, a demand to stretch your understanding, and more action.  Therefore, the reviews cite the action as good and the rest as bad.  I respect Tom Cruise a lot more now after seeing this movie, and knowing it became a personal project.  It does remind me of Kevin Costner and "Dances with Wolves.  I am sorry to see a less culturally open minded audience in 2004, outside of the Japanese American communities.
 As some people would rightly put this great, beautiful film as "Dances with Wolves of the East, the two people here who are being (or almost being) conquered by the Americans, as a representative of the Western "civilisation", have a lot in common. Not only the upheaval and tragic situations they had in those period, but I have found those two people's spiritual beliefs very similar to each other. Maybe that is because they both are kind of animists who believe that every things on Earth has spirit----trees, mountains, rivers, seas, rocks, etc.... Not to mention human beings and other creatures. The humans are only a part of the nature. So, like a weed grows and dies, we all are born and die. Simple.  Like the American Indians say; "It is a good day to die today.", famous book of Bushido, the Samurai code, "Hagakure says; "The ultimate Bushido is found in the way you die. Here, as well as profoundly understanding the meanings of life and death, accepting one's own life as it is is a crucial point to get through. Because you have your own purpose of life as you are born to the circumstances you were given. And it applies to everybody, not only to the Samurais. For what were you born? For what are you going to die? If you know the answer, you are ready to die in the honourable and graceful way it should be. It is not that only the deaths of Samurais in action or by Harakiri taking responsibility are honourable/graceful. Everyone who has completed his/her duty of his/her life can die in honour and grace. It doesn't mean that Samurais were crazy, trigger-happy suicidal/homicidal maniacs, though. I have to make sure here that nobody misunderstands what I am saying because sometimes some people seem to think that the Kamikaze attacks in the world war 2 were the acts of that kind of insanity. I can tell you how wrong their thoughts are. If you see this film and take it correctly, you should understand that as well.  It is a matter of readiness. Your readiness to die makes your life meaningful. Meaningful life makes your soul shine. That is every human being's purpose to be born to this world. Concuerors can destroy your home and kill you, but no one can break your spirit if you are ready to die. What Algren underwent in his battle fields in both America and Japan against and with those "savages made him know that.  After a hundred years' struggle against the powers of the Western civilisation, Japan seemed to have narrowly escaped from being colonised and subhumanised only because Japan had a large population that were ready to die for the survival of their country and their people putting themselves together tightly under the name of the Emperor. But, did she, really? "The Last Samurai made me think about where I came from and who I am. Maybe I and other modern day Japanese, who became conveniently Westernised and forgot about our spiritual roots should just stop and rethink of the meaning of life.
 First you must understand I am a huge Tom Cruise fan therefore my review may come off bias, but this is truly a great movie believe me or not! If you are a fan of epic movies (Braveheart,Gladiator, etc) then The Last Samurai is your film, and if you are a fan of the epic genre and Tom Cruise the world can get no better! This film has it all great cast, passionate and exciting storyline, and beautiful cinematography to top it off. I recommend this film to anyone and everyone, enjoy!!!
 Great transaction, product in excellent condition as promoted, prompt shipping and extra care taken with bubble wrap inside a padded envelope!  This seller is concerned that you receive product in same condition it was sent!!!  No USPO mail-mashing!
 Great performance of Tom cruise...I am not a big fan of him but I just love this movie.
 When I saw it the first time, I said, I must have that one! By this time I've seen it at least 20 times!!!
 i've seen this movie in a total of what, 100 times or somethin'. it's absolutely amazing. tom cruise was awesome. it even got me to shed a few tears when katzumoto's son died. if u haven't seen this yet, ur missin out.
 In short, great film to say the least and the music (Hans Zimmer) is excellent and blends perfectly with the movie.
 Drunken, war-weary Cruise accepts a mission to train Japanese soldiers but finds the old way more suited to his personal sense of honor. Filled with thrilling battle scenes, fabulous cinematography, and the rich culture of ancient Japan, "Last Samurai delivers on every level. Cruise's background and personal torment are glossed over a bit - this could have been explored more, and his romance with the widow of the warrior he defeats in battle is left unresolved, but this is a great adventure story. Highly recommend!
 Reading this may ruin your viewing of the movie, Last Samurai, by forwarning you of what it is about.  The latest Tom Cruise movie, The Last Samurai is a terrific movie-- portraying the role of big business in pushing for and aiding in the elimination of a native culture that was not supportive of trade and commerce, in this case, in Japan. And of course the US was there to provide and sell weapons and military training to kill the simple, less technological natives. Cruise plays a tortured yet heroic character, asurvivor of the Civil War and Indian wars who stands up to the commercial, US and japanese forces who are attempting to wipe out the last of the Samurais. He stands up to these powers because it is the right thing, the noble thing to do.  Why don't we see American warriors standing up. It is almost impossible for men and women GIs in Iraq to speak out. But where are the veterans who can see that the Iraq quagmire has been a bumbling fraud, built on lies and stupid unpreparedness. Where are the brave men and women who fought in Iraq in 1991 to free Kuwait, who should clearly see what a horrific travesty the Bush administration machinations have been.  The movie was one of the best of the year, with Oscar caliber acting, script, set, and costumes, in a season with a plethora of disappointing films. I left with a glow in my heart and feeling both inspired and disgusted-- inspired by the heroic actions Tom Cruise portrays, disgusted by the way the US government has had a history of helping in the wiping out of indigenous noble cultures.  I write this as a liberal who publishes a liberal news and opinion website op ed news dot com. I'm curious how conservatives viewed this flick.
 A beautiful movie following the same template in "Dances with Wolves". Certainly it is a bit unbelievable since one winter would not be sufficient for serious wounds of the hero to heal and for him to learn the life time practices of the warrior class, let alone become one of the best of them. But since when does realism enter into this art form? There is a nice touch in the love triangle between our hero and the wife of his fallen enemy -- and that enemy who "haunts him -- but that he comes to honor. What an interesting feature that adds marvelously to this template. What is the moral narrative of this story? Industry bad, nature good? Those who follow ancient practices good, modern science bad? But modern weapons win and the honor of fighting is lost.  This is a beautiful movie and provokes thinking.
 A very promessing film, The Last Samurai talks about something that is sacred to many of us
 Absolutely beautiful.  I have not enjoyed the few movies Cruise had done just prior to this movie (from Eyes Wide Shut on, they were pretty gross, disturbing, or just awful...and I'm a total Cruise fan).  So, hearing that he was going to be in a movie like this, I groaned and thought, "Damn.  I wish he'd done this movie five years ago.  He'll probably ruin it now.  But hey, I'm a total Japanese culture lover, so I figured I'd watch it anyway.  I thought I was disappointed with the movie when it began, because they set up the plot very slowly, and lay out a large amount of information that seems irrelevant.  But, like the quiet slice of sword through air, the pieces began to come together, and I found myself enraptured with the film.  Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)'s presence on the screen is breathtaking, as were his family and friends.  Taka, the heroine, was beautiful in her silence, and the scene with her and Tom at the end was...well, unforgettable.  Omura is excellent and, like the rest of those mentioned here, enfuses so much emotion in one gesture or expression.  Nobutada (the archer) was, I believe, my favorite character outside of Watanabe.  His final scene had me sobbing.  But I think most impressive is the way that Tom Cruise doesn't dominate this film.  It's almost as if he, like his character, is enraptured and humbled by these people, and he's purposefully pulling himself in, so that THEY shine on screen.  Overall, an absolutely spectacular film.  It's perhaps a bit too intelligent for some, a bit too poignant for others.  It is, however, a film that I hope will inspire others.  Its lessons are vast.  I only wish there were a prequel, so that I could see Katsumoto, Taka, Nobutada, and Omura more, and in all their glory.
 Besides the emense amounts of gore *do to violent war scenes* it has beautiful scenery and wonderful messages of love. At first i though that this movie would be a waste of money, but i was very wrong. Even though i hate extreme violence this movie was an exception.
 Plain and simple if you like action this movie is for you.  If you like drama this movie is for you.  If you like foriegn this movie is for you.  iTs my favorite move, and Tom Cruise is awsome in this movie.
 "The Last Samurai is one of the best movies you will ever see on DVD! A sweeping and emotional film with powerful images and an incredible storyline. An incredible story about a man who tries to find his place and ends up pleading his cause to the way of the samurai.    The best part was at the ending. It had me crying buckets of tears. This scene told me I was watching probably the best drama film ever made (besides "The Passion of The Christ").  I strongly recommend this film. It is violent, but there are a lot worse movies out there. This film is an instant masterpiece.
 A good movie to watch as it not only has historical relations to it, it has a well brought together cast as well. I'd go in depth about the movie and everything, but why repeat what everyone else said? The thing to remember is this movie is rated pretty high cause it has intense battle scenes that resemble gladiator in its gruesome display of battle lust (not that I have anything against that). The one part I didn't like but is understandable since it has japenese actors in it is that halfway through the movie they start talking in japenese and you have to read the bottom of the screen to see what they say. Now if its 2am and your tired and sitting far from the tv, that can be a problem but as i said, cruise is in japan at that time so he should speak the language as well. Just in case anyone did miss it, basically cruise is the last man left in his unit when its taken out by japanese samurais. they spare him and hold him captive in their village. soon he embraces their culture and starts to find a little peace in himself. I'd say more but that'd ruin the movie and i said i wouldn't get all into it anyways 
 This movie was the greatest movie I've ever seen, it will continue to be my favorite movie for a long time. The war sequences were far better than any other movie like 'Saving Private Ryan'. The Last Samurai had better special affects and a most intriguing story. I loved the relationship between Algren and the Samurai class, the fight for survival in the newly modernized country Japan after 1868 when Meiji's reign as Emperor began. Its quite fascinating how this story, even though the character Algren and the dealings with the Americans were fiction how this story was so well drawn out. The character that portrayed the legendary Saigo, or "Dai Saigo otherwise known as a fictional character as Katsumoto did such a dramatically important role, a role in which it took a strong will and personality to play. The honor and prestige that each warrior felt back in history was shown in the faces of the individuals that gave their time and skills into making this film historically memorable. I love to read about Japanese history, and I can say right now that they did a spectacular job in recreating the nation of Japan back in the times of Meiji. domo arigatou.....ja ne!
 Just as the ocean has shallow ends and deep ends, The Last Samurai is a film whose story, in part, lies on the surface and also lies, in part, deeper beneath the surface. At face value, you will find a tale about an old world culture (the Samurai culture) clashing with a rising, powerful modern culture (Western culture). Although this is almost certainly an oversimplification of the story, the clash-of-cultures saga played out in this movie is basically the "shallow end of the premise. In fact, the story and setting in and of themselves are merely a convenient backdrop for which to convey its actual message; which is much deeper and more interesting.  Cruise plays 7th Cavalry Army Captain, Nathan Algren. He is a troubled and tormented man who is haunted by tremendous guilt, brought on by his experiences fighting and killing American Indians circa 1876. He is generally lauded as a hero around the US, ironically admired for the very actions that precipitate his self-loathing. He is not interested in fame or accolades; he is a man who desperately wants to escape his personal demons, but is completely helpless to suffer through them. Like many people who suffer from such inescapable torment, he turns to the bottle for his salvation. Still present are the post-traumatic nightmares and flashbacks of his war-fighting days. But alas, as he tries to drown his sorrows, they do indeed learn to swim. His acquired inclination toward the excessive consumption of libations notwithstanding, he does his best to cope, however unfruitful his efforts may be.  Although he has been begrudgingly following orders to this point, he nevertheless has done his best to fulfill them dutifully. By turn of events, Algren encounters a Japanese General named Hasegawa who has a profitable offer for him. Despite his heavy drinking, Algren is eventually hired to train the Japanese army in Western warfare and to use firearms in battle against the fierce battle-experienced Samurai. Western culture is all the rage in Japan, and powerful political influences want to wipe out the old system that was influenced by the Samurai Code in order to foster a modern Japanese culture. Algren is sent to Japan and finds a group of soldiers who know nothing concerning the use of firearms. He earnestly tries to train them properly so as to prepare them for battle, but Japanese General Hasegawa is impatient with the troops' development; and much to Algren's dismay, Hasegawa orders them to begin fighting Samurai even though the troops are ill-prepared to do so.  The first battle against the Samurai is disastrous for the secular Japanese troops, and a slaughter ensues at the hands of the defiant Samurai warriors. But Algren survives the battle and winds up being surrounded by several Samurai. Algren, ever the fearless warrior, stands his ground with a ferocious vigor, showing tremendous valor and honor in displaying that he will fight until his last breath. It is here that Samurai elder and leader, Katsumoto notices Algren's impressive will to fight to the death. Katsumoto, if only out of curiosity, spares Algren's life and keeps him as a "free captive in his Samurai village until winter passes. During his stay, Algren is treated with dignity albeit an underlying distrust and resentment from the local villagers. Because of his heavy reliance on alcohol, Algren begins going through terrible symptoms of withdrawal from it, as he is weaned from the grips of his addiction. Once his head becomes clear again, he begins to learn from the Samurai villagers' ways, being influenced by their strong principles and stoic way of life. It is through their cultural mindset that he begins to free his mind from the shackles of the nightmarish suffering that has dogged his troubled mind for so long. Indeed, Captain Algren experiences the personal growth and enlightenment that changes lives and raises one's consciousness above darkness and despair. It is during this portion of the story that the "meat of the movie lies. It is here that Algren begins to see life from a different perspective. The Samurai's life is a simple one that focuses on virtues espoused by The Samurai Way; values such as honor, integrity, respect, courage, justice, wisdom, etc. The way the villagers were portrayed in the film remind me of a real-life Samurai named Yamamoto Tsunetomo, who once said in a compilation of his writings entitled "Hagakure that one should
 The last Samurai was a really good movie. It was about a Captain in the American army that went to Japan to help train men for Japans new army to fight the samurai. The Captain gets captured during a battle and stays and trains with the samurai. In the end he fights for samurai. It is really good watch it.
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT. RECEIVED IN TIMELY MANNER.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR PEOPLE WHO ENJOY ACTION MOVIE, CULTURE ,AND ROMANCE.
 Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest, are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so, where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would like to share this issue, if a true account, with other teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your earliest convenience.  Thank you.
 Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest, are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so, where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would like to share this issue, if a true account, with other teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your earliest convenience.  Thank you.
 Probably the best original historical movie, EVER.  I would even go as far as saying that it is the best movie i have ever seen in my life.  This is definately a must see, if not a must own.
 Blu-Ray Disc is not a DVD...but, they are both DISCS!  HD-DVD, which is DVD, is garbage!  It holds less than 15 Gigabytes on a single layer!  Blu-Ray holds 25 Gigs!  That's true high-definition!  The Last Samurai on HDDVD could have hardly any extra features because the movie would take up the whole space if it fit at all!  One LOTR movie would not fit on an HD-DVD!  Also, Blu-Ray made a disc that held over 30 Gigs on one side...but, didn't pursue it because they were almost finished with all their manufacturing with 25 gigs!  But, it's only time!  Besides all my facts that will in time grant Blu Ray the winner of this new movie format. The Last Samurai is great on Blu Ray!  Since I first watched this movie in the theater...I couldn't wait to watch it on Blu-Ray...I love this movie more...if that were possible!!
 I am not a Tom Cruise fan.  In fact I think he is a bit of a nut.  But...after saying that this is a good performance for him.  While the plot is fairly predictable I think it is an interesting look into a historical time period.  A transition from an ancient tradition in Japan into the modern age.  I would recommend the film to anyone who loves history.
 warner made another beautiful HD transfer.  I can't find another wrong, no grain anywhere.  Just a perfect crystal clear image from start to finish.  The cinematography will blow you away.  Would give this 6 stars if i could.  So far I find warner is the only studio willing to give HD addicts the best video quality possible.  Some studios just throw a title on blu-ray and expect us to say, thank you for releasing it.
 Brilliant performance not only from Tom Cruise but also from other Japanese actors &amp; actress. This is a relatively long movie last over 2.5 hours but you won't find a single boring scene. The Samurai's Bushido will really make you feel intense. The DVD comes with 2 discs. Movie is on the disc one and lots of extra goodies can be found from disc two. In addition to the regular features such as director's commentaries, making of the Last Samurai, and deleted scenes, etc., it also includes the Bushido's Way, Japan Premiers, and the 25 minutes documentary from History Channel
 The story focuses on a Civil War veteran named Capt. Nathan Algren ( Tom Cruise). He reluctantly agrees to train and lead an army of Japanese soldiers to defeat rebellion of the country's remaining Samurai. Unfortunately, Algren is captured in battle by the Samurai, and is held prisoner by them. The leader of the Samurai, Katsumoto ( Ken Watanabe), is interested in the American culture and wants to keep Algren alive to learn from him. As time passes, Algren comes to develop a friendship with Katsumoto. He also comes to embrace the Samurai way of life as well, and trains to become one of them, so that he can fight along side of the Samurai against the Japanese forces that oppose them. With the acception of "Mystic River", "The Last Samurai was my favorite film of 2003. For 2 1/2 hours, I was literally glued to the screen, and loving every minute of it. It has been quite some time since I have been that captivated by a film. The only downfall this film may have, is the fact that the story is almost a complete rip off of "Dances with Wolves". However, that does not make the film any less enjoyable. In fact, "The Last Samurai is almost better. The story comes across as being much more dramatic and action packed when dealing with the Samurai. They have a deeper sense of honor, and their fighting style is much more deadly. Director Edward Zick did an amazing job of capturing every aspect of the Samurai culture, from the costume designs and simple way of life, to the weaponry and fighting style. The final battle between the Samurai and the Japanese soldiers is the best I have seen since "Braveheart". The Samurai are completely outnumbered, and still manage to put up one heck of a fight. Tom Cruise gave one of the best, if not the best performance of his career. However, the best performance of the film goes to Ken Watanabe. He was flat out amazing as Katsumoto and nailed every aspect of the Samurai warrior. The film's soundtrack and scenery are extremely beautiful as well. Overall, "The Last Samurai is an amazing film. Every aspect of the Samurai way of life is captured accurately, the performances given by the actors involved were amazing, and the final battle was incredible. Also, please check out the extras listed by Amazon for this 2 Disc DVD set. From the look of things, the extras are reason enough to purchase this film. There are deleted scenes, featurettes on the making of the film, a featurette comparing real life Samurai, and more. This is definately a bonus for myself and anyone else who appreciates the film, and the Samurai in general. A solid 5 stars...
 A stunning story and modern classic!  Very well told and acted.  The sets were incredible!  The evolution of the main character was played out perfectly, and the story within the story couldn't have been better.  This is a cinematic work of art!
 This is a must have for any Bollywood film collector. The soundtrack alone is worth the investment. The film is also very interesting and should bring a smile to most anyones face.
 THIS WAS AN AWESOME MOVIE, IT WAS BETTER THAN EXPECTED.  THE DANCE SCENES WILL FOREVER BE IN MY MIND.  THIS WAS A GREAT BUY.  RECOMMEND HIGHLY.  IT'S LIKE AN OLD BOLLYWOOD FLICK BUT EVEN BETTER.
 Perhaps I have poor taste, but I was instantly hooked on this short series. So much so, I actually seeked out the original ADV release, with the three single discs and wonderful artbox (besides Bandai's magnetic artboxes, I think ADV comes in second with the sturdiest and coolest artboxes); instead of the usual black, clear or sometimes white colour case, the older ADV release came in never-before-seen-by-me light blue-like cases, which goes great with the whole dark, gothic look of the packaging; one thing good about boxed sets being released, the original material is cheaper to hunt down in the long run -- however, this double clear case 2-disc holder of this release was a nice change and surprise from the recent slimcase phenomenon that never protects the disc(s).  I also haven't read the manga, so maybe I remain ignorant; but evenso, I tend to enjoy my visual medium different than the written material, it leaves both to be special in their own right.  So I could care less if the anime takes liberty on storytelling or changes up the characters.  Crucify me.  With that being said, even after the first episode, I was attracted to and very much sucked in by the quick character development and the mysteries that shrouded around certain personalities.  I mean, come-on... an antique dealer (Lucia, a one woman Venus Vangaurd) storefront owner who takes on clients that see Virus-es (evil spirits - similar to xxxHolic) and runs a backroom where equipment is developed to fight off these corrupt souls?!?  Sign me up.  And then the sweet character girl Sumire, who at times needs to turn beserk-er (Claymore anyone?) in order to further battle the attacking Virus?  After being enthralled by such side characters as the cute soulless dolls in xxxHolic, and the battle drone soulless dolls of Murder Princess (another great 6 episode series), I was pleasantly surprised to be introduced to Laura/Lola and her twin sister... another great pair of soulless twin dolls.  Bonus.  I also have no problem with the hard-shelled bad-arse protagonist of the show ending up with somewhat of a hidden human-soft-side.  I thought the quality of animation was great, along with the recorded music and great colour palette used.  There was also just the right amount of comedic and serious moments.  The only downside to this short release?, simply wishing it was longer.
 After a lifetime of seeing ghost, young Sumire is recruited by powerful Lucia to fight demons! The gifls batttle darkness as members of the Venus. But as they discover why every life is worth saving, they also learn that they carry their own unlocked potential for evil. The Virus rages out of control, but Sumire and Lucia are prepared to give it the beating it truly deserves. Get ready its time for your vaccination.
 I love Sand Masters and wanted to buy the season in iTunes. Unfortunately it isn't available, and the season on DVD is probably cheaper anyway. If you love the show this is worth picking up.
 This video is hot! The dancers definitely did their thing and the host "Fish Patty is crazy funny! There are alot of sexy girls in this video!
 I decided I wanted to learn the autoharp. I really liked this tape better than some because it gave you the basic strums you could practice and easily put together. You must practice. The instrument is simple but takes practice to learn but after a few afternoons you will have fun strumming and picking your way thru familiar songs.
 The beginning of the video gives an important history lesson, reminding us that many of the great composers did not learn by rote lessons and first reading music.  The piano was a new invention and as such the people who first took a stab at it, played around on it.  They didn't have any music to read from at first, they hadn't even written any.  They played, experimented with chords and rhythms and combinations, got to know the keyboard inside out.  THEN they started writing down their music.   It was only after people liked what they heard the composers doing that they wanted in on the action  I want to do that too!   So companies started producing sheet music and from simple to complex arrangements that laypeople could play.  That's when piano  lessons  started.  But playing is like learning to talk.  First you learn to talk and you know the reason for language is to communicate.  You watch and listen to others around you, you mimic and emulate, practice and get it wrong a lot before you get it right.  Suddenly it becomes  natural  because you've used it EVERY day!  After that, learning to spell and to read make sense.   The premise of this instruction is that the same holds true with playing the piano.  It's drudgery starting to learn scales before you've been motivated by first making music.  Experiment first and learn to play through experiencing how the different sounds on the keyboard relate to one another.  It's an excellent foundation on which to build.   I learned a lot through this video and recommend it highly.  It provides a needed understanding on how to go about learning the piano in a way that makes it fun for life and has a casual, one on one feel to it.
 My seven year old son wanted to learn piano, so I bought a traditional piano book for children--he ended up in tears. I was searching for a way to teach him which wouldn't destroy his passion and creativity, or steal his joy of learning. While walking through the library, the title "Piano for Quitters caught my eye. Within days, my son was writing beautiful chord progressions and asking for "music practice to be added to his daily work chart so he could play the piano before his other jobs were done. Our whole family is now learning to play the piano and loving it! I am a former piano quitter--I managed to survive one year of traditional piano lessons, and tried various other piano methods, but by using Piano for Quitters (and it's sequal
 Great product!  I'm still learning to play, but this is the bible for learning to play the keyboard!  Glad it was offered on Amazon.com.  If you want to learn to play, you should try this first!
 Good plot, like the grittier feel of this installment.  Christian Bale does a good job as John Connor.  Good effects, great sound.
 I got the product very fast, good price and good conditions. In addition, the movie is the best of the best movies. thanks
 Terminator Salvation grows on you with each rewatching.  Christain Bale and Sam Worthington is great! Blair is awesome!! "I see a man", and it thinks its human.  Skynets virtual lady reveals the inner workings, while the 'it' chooses for itself. All great stuff.  I'd sign on for Christian bale-Arnie number 5, and this time with plasma's in 50 watt range..
 This movie is great, if you liked the other terminator flicks, you'll love this one. They said it was a new type of terminator this time around, and they weren't kidding.
 For those who love the Terminator franchise, this will be one more in a great line of flicks.  For those who have not followed this film series before, this will be only a decent action scifi offering.  Sam Worthington puts forth a solid performance as Marcus Wright the man who becomes machine and yet somehow remains a man.  Christian Bale's intensity as John Connor does not disappoint in communicating the weight, seemingly resting upon one man's shoulders, of saving humanity from the machine intelligence Skynet.  Great special effects including some gargantuan machines wreaking various levels of havoc make it exciting.  Terminator Salvation is a dependable addition to a movie collection for the scifi enthusiast.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I think it was the best one I saw that year.  The story was straight sci fi.  The new vision of the terminator movie has a awesome variety of terminators.  They are done from a motorcycle type to a human skeleton type to a huge space ship type.  The visuals are very dark sort of like the last 2 alien movies were done.  Also I saw the late Stan Winston worked on the movie.  I think he did a lot of special effects in the alien movies.  I think he did the alien queen in aliens.  Anyway the special effect are really well done.  I could forget about reality and just watch the screen and go to another place.  That is when the special effects are done well.  Also the world was well done and you could tell they spent the money to design many sets and have many location to keep the viewer interested.  I compare the visuals of the world to that of Alien 3 or Alien Resurection.  The music is done well and is very emotional.  It was done by Danny Elfman.  The acting and story was top notch.  It is a story of sacrifice and redemption.  The two leads Sam Worthington and Christian Bale were exceptional.  Christian Bale is always good at getting you to care for his character.  I think he is an actor that can bring out a lot of emotions for the viewer.  I thought Sam Worthington was very good at this also in this movie.  The woman Moon Bloodgood was good also and believable in her role.  Anton Yelchin was also very good in his role.  Also this movie had very mild cussing and the violence and content was not trashy or overdone.  Which I think the last terminators went overboard on this.  Recommended to families to watch with children over 13.  I think the parents won't find anything objectionable.  If you haven't seen this due to hearing that it wasn't good.  Give it a chance.  I liked it, maybe you will too.  Kevin
 I really like this movie, although didn't noticed the difference betwen the director's cut and the thretical version. So any way, liked the movie.
 I love this movie, It is intense and very action packed. I seen it in theaters and I loved every minute of it.
 I got Terminator Salvation for Christmas because I have the first 3 and need to keep the series going. (Doesn't everyone do that?)  It picks up long after the events of Terminator 3
 *Note* This review is for the theatrical version ONLY.  First thoughts...It's not bad. I was a little worried about this one because it got a PG-13 rating when the first three were all R. It was actually very good though. Here's the breakdown.  1.  Directing--Good job from McG (Catwoman). It had a very good camera job, I was impressed. 2.  Script--Good script from the same people who wrote Terminator 3, John Brancato and Michael Ferris. 3.  Acting--Very good. You have an all-star cast. Christian Bale, Sam Worthington, Anton Yelchin, and Bryce Dallas Howard. Oh, and let's not be forgetting Michael Ironside.  Now for the content review. Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and language.  1.  Sex/Nudity=2/10. There is a brief scene where a terminator is shown fully nude but his genitals are blurred by smoke. 2.  Violence/Gore=8/10. Even though it got a PG-13, it is still pretty violent. 3.  Language=4/10. Least language of all the Terminator movies. A couple S-words and other profanities.  Final thoughts...Overall 5/5. I enjoyed this one far more than Terminator 3. Still, it would have been better if James Cameron directed it.
 I love you terminator. Anyways, crank the surround sound and bass! i cant wait for them to make an installment with the laser sounds because just with the bullets in this one, it sounded amazing, everything!
 I saw this Terminator movie and decided since I have that in my collection I also need to get the original movies especially since Arnold is the original machine. I was really excited at the animated Arnold in Terminator Salvation. It is so true that the movies are just not the same without him.
 This is clearly a precursor to The Sarah Conner Chronicles where people are Terminators and do not know it or are Terminators, know it, but still have emotions and old thoughts along with actual hearts and lungs, brains as well. Summer Glau does not star in this movie, however. T4 is as good or better than any of the other T movies and is action packed. Buy it if you have to mow lawns for pay!
 REALLY loved this version. Story was more cohesive than the studio suits allowed it to be in the theatrical release. McG is a fine story teller and was made more evident in this director's cut. If there is more coming,will buy that too!  MOON BLOODGOOD IS HOT in this movie!!! Love seeing her on screen.
 I recently watched this movie and I really enjoyed it.  Having seen the previous three movies, I was skeptical, but it really had good continuity; especially with the first two Terminator movies.  I think they should actually make another movie to continue this story line.  What I didn't like was the way Amazon constantly changed the price and finally bumped up the full screen addition to $24.99.  I went to ebay and bought it brand new for $9.99.  Amazon needs to be more competitive.
 This will probably turn out to be the strangest 5 star review you've ever read so bear with me. I will start out by saying I thoroughly enjoyed this movie from start to finish! I had really high expectations from the moment the initial trailer was released and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed in the least. This is an action movie of the highest order! The CGI was outstanding! I have to take issue with those reviewers who claimed the CGI was not realistic. I have to disagree. I would say this is one of the more realistic CGI movies I've ever seen! The entire movie had a gritty, organic feel to it that was at once bleak and beautiful. Those of you looking for a slam bang good time filled with explosion after explosion you will be very happy.  However - and this is a BIG however - those of you looking for a movie with any kind of depth, emotion, or character development will be sorely disappointed! This ain't T2 people! The thing that made Terminator 2, and to a certain extent the original Terminator, so compelling was the depth of emotion James Cameron (absolute genius that he is) brought to his characters. The idea behind T2 was that if a machine, built for the sole purpose of death and destruction, can develop human feelings of empathy and compassion, then perhaps there is hope for all of us. The initial reviews of Terminator Salvation hinted at a similar theme
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I've seen all the Terminator movies, I don't listen to critic's, I never have. I like what I like.
 &lt;&lt;&lt; A few continuity errors (spoilers?) follow the Octothorpes >>>  Earlier this year I enjoyed "Terminator Salvation on a big-screen digital theater with a group of sci-fi friends and we all loved it. Then, being a huge fan of the Terminator franchise, I jumped at the chance to buy the 2-disc Blu-ray release. I just finished watching the "Director's Cut and must admit to you all that "I Forgot How Good This Movie Is". It is a good sci-fi story, as well as a good sci-fi movie.  But let's be realistic, it was the only sci-fi movie of 2009. "Transformers 2 was a fantasy and "Star Trek (reboot) was a futuristic soap opera with one of the poorest sci-fi plots I've ever seen in a movie theater.   #########################################################  &lt;&lt;&lt; Tiny Continuity Errors >>>  1) in both releases, there is a noticeable annoying gap between the time that John Connor "exits the rescue plane then "enters the submarine". This could have been easily fixed.  2) in the Director's Cut, the rain mysteriously stops between the time that John Connor leaves Blair Williams then returns to save her from attack by three men. This could have been easily fixed.  3) one possible plot weakness
 I thought this was a great Science Fiction film. Granted it was later surpassed by District 9 and Avatar, but this movie was the best one for the summer. It wasn't without problems, but it had a terrific atmosphere to it, a lot of innovative shots and an exciting plot which moves along nicely.  This is what I expected from this film, a sort of a prequel and a sequel that sets up the events of the apocalypse, of the Skynet fallout.  What's not to like here? The cool characters? the solid acting by Bale, Worthington, Kyle Reese, the Moon character.. the intense fighting scenes? the feeling of the great sadness... similar to that of Battlestar Galactica Reimagined? It was all quite beautiful.
 Great movie, everything I expected for a continuation of the Terminator story, and then some.  Very well done.  Highly entertaining.  The ONLY flaw is when they introduced Arnold S's terminator model (T101?)... it was clearly computer generated and looked a little fake, but not too bad.  (Humans ARE hard to do in CG, so...)  That aside, this was a GREAT movie.
 This is a great addition to the Terminator series. Great story line which sets it post Judgement Day in Western California(Los Angeles, San Francisco, places in between) But was actually all filmed in Arizona which helped with the barren desert landscape design. You also really get a good look at the many designs of machines in this film which James Cameron didn't have the time to get into detail in Judgement Day. T-1s, T-600s, T-700s, T-800s, Hunter Killers, Moto-Terminators, The Harvester, you name it...this movie has it. Now actorwise, Christian Bale(The Dark Knight) as John Conner is for sure a lot better than the guy who played John in Rise of the Machines, very bad ass with a REAL desire to kill the machines and save his father, Kyle Reese played by Anton Yelchin(Star Trek). Then...finally...Sam Worthington(Avatar) as Marcus Wright...oh my god...I tell you, if Sam Worthington didn't play this role I don't know who would have. In 2003 Marcus Wright is on death row for killing 2 cops and his brother, he donates his body to Cyberdyne after his execution for experiments. He is then awakened in 2018 as a one of a kind infiltration prototype terminator which befriends an A-10 pilot, Blair Williams played by Moon Bloodgood(Street Fighter) and a love story forms after Marcus saves her multiple times. You will find out that Marcus Wright is the key to get John Connor into Skynet to save his father from being terminated. This talented aussie actor really did a break out role in this film and is my personal favorite character. This film has non stop action, amazing actors, and great effects to make this personally one of the best Terminator films yet.
 This movie was the best movie I have seen in a while.  I will just leave it at that.  The ending you get a very cool surprise.  Can't really explain why it's good but if you like action movies and Terminators then this is the movie for you.
 I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS MOVIE RECIEVED THE SHORT END OF THE STICK,ITS MY FAVORITE TERMINATOR MOVIE.GREAT ACTING ,ANTON YELCHIN ,BRICE DALLAS HOWARD,MOON BLOODGOOD,CHRISTIAN BALE,SAM WORTHINGTON,GREAT ACTORS ,,STORY & MCG DID AN AWESOME JOB.I HOPE THEY WILL MAKE ANOTHER ...BUT MOST LIKELY NOT IT TOOK OVER 2 YRS TO COME OUT .SOMETIMES PEOPLE CANT GET OVER THE ORGINAL ,I HOPE MORE PEOPLE SEE THIS MOVIE & RELISE JUST HOW GOOD IT REALLY IS
 I'm a big Terminator fan, and I loved this one no less.  Sam Worthington did a great job.  I even thought Christian Bale did a good job.  Seen in many times and will watch it many more.  "Come with me if you want to live...... I can't believe these reviews turned into rants, never knew so many people cared about the extra features. Anyway, to address the issue at hand, I happen to think that Terminator is the greatest movie franchise of all time (sorry Star Wars nerds). James Cameron did a great job on T1 and T2 and Salvation was a fantastic addition to his masterpiece (lets not mention T3). The only things missing from Salvation are the constant chase vs escape feelings and the confusion over how events fit in the puzzle of time. There are also a lot more depictions of other humans involved in the war, John Connor is not a hero yet. True fans of Terminator will notice several references to the previous editions, which I found to be funny. Note
 Got to me quick and before the scheduled Time.  Okay movie.  Plot is weak.  Action good.
 This was one of the best terminator movie yet, evryone play their part and it was just a sit down and enjoy yorself type moive, I Recommend this movie to anyone that like action pack and hold on to the edge of your set movie.
 Skynet becomes aware in 2003 and all hell breaks loose. Machines make the Earth their stomping ground for the next 18 years, while humans find themselves hunted and terminated by specially built machines. All the while, John Connor fights alongside of the Resistance, making certain that the "prophecy about his future comes true. Skynet also knows about this prediction and begins taking measure to stop this by hunting him and Kyle Reese to keep Judgment Day's purty end machine-based, building all sorts of interesting things into this now 15-year-old storyline. Then there's Marcus, the sub, the signal, and a few dozen other things that are best left to the movie to describe.  Out of all of the Terminator movies, i have to say that i liked this one the best. Instead of having one machine going after one person, we finally have the future that we had been promised. Sure, this isn't far enough for Connor to get his wings and take out the net, but it does show just how far he''s come. Scenes like those with him meeting high command also show how much skepticism is going around about him and his supposed future, but that doesn't seem to bother him. The thing he worries about is Kyle and meetting him, not to mention the fact that Skynet has the two of them on a kill list. and then there's Marcus - something that he doesn't have the slightest notion how to deal with.  One of the things i liked about the movie were the different types of machines that Skynet had built. It has collection machines, Hunter/Killers patrolling the sky, machines to kill all foot traffic, things on the road, and T-600s everywhere. We are just now up to the T-800 launch as well, and we are just now up to Skynet beginning its "dark times. so, humanity still has a fighting chance when battling and it isn't like the first movie. The fields of skulls may exist somewhere but, along with those, the humans have A-10 Warthogs and other weapons. This makes for some good fights, some interesting moral dilemmas, and some themes I wasn't expecting. It seemed like a thinking person's skynet, which I thought was interesting in the making.  If you are a fan of the series I figure you will go here anyhow. People who do not like it may want to check it out anyhow because this movie is different. It breaks a lot of cyclical bonds while still keeping the story, making it interesting. Personally, I liked it above all the others, and I even remember the first through a child's eyes - and it was something else. Recommended and then some.
 I keep seeing a lot of people calling the 3rd movie "campy", and the 2nd "the best". I think these are just everyday movie goers saying things like that. Fans of the series who like action will like T2 the best, but fans more into horror say the 1st will never be beaten. Terminator
 I'll agree with other reviewers that this will probably be a movie most will either love or hate. Personally, I loved the movie and thought it was a great followup to the other Terminator movies. Be warned, however, that if you go into this movie expecting it to be like the past films- well, you be the judge. Whereas the other films dealt with alot of storyline about the Terminators, Cyberdine and Skynet; this film does very little to push that envelope along. In its' place, all we see are alot of action sequences with different types of machines and some Terminator action but not alot. Other than that, the cast was well chosen with all giving solid performances.  The story takes place in 2018. Judgment Day has come and gone. John Conner is hard at work trying to convince the rest of the world that he is the key to their salvation from the Terminators. Marcus Wright is a death row prisoner who submits his body to experiments as penance for crimes he has committed(yet only hinted at in the movie). Awaking in 2018, Marcus discovers that the world has been destroyed and is no longer as he remembers it. Along his way, he meets up with Kyle Reese and that's where the movie pretty much starts.  While I think Termintor Salvation is a great movie, it was pretty much done in McG's over the top style of filmmaking that he did in Charlie's Angels/Charlie's Angels
 No!  This is not ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER'S Terminator.  And NO, James Cameron's hand was not involved directly with this film.  The lore of the Terminator Franchise has actually grown beyond requiring Arnold's presence or James Cameron's input, although a very good CG version of a younger & buff Governator DOES appear in the film.  I was ecstatic that we FINALLY got to see Chapters from the war of the last remnants of humanity against the machines, whereas the other films only teased us with brief glimpses of the conflict.  THIS storyline sets the stage for FUTURE chapters.  While THIS Terminator movie lacks some of the tounge & cheek dialogue that the previous movies contained, it is JUST as good in terms of action, mission, storyline, & acting performances, especially from the newcomer, Sam Worthington, who portrays Marcus Wright and actually has as much if not, more screen time than Christian Bale. I actually wondered if Christian Bales' on set tirade or political maneuvering not only resulted in lackluster reviews for THIS movie by the "Critics", but also resulted in the cancelling of one of the most intelligent and action packed sci-fi series to come along since "Firefly", "Terminator
 I really enjoyed Terminator 4 aka Terminator Salvation, and I hope that if Terminator 5 comes out, it has all the future scenes from Terminator, T2, and T3. This was a radical movie. I got to see new forms of robots that Skynet created. I thought that this movie was a nice departure from bad cyborg-good cyborg fights. it was cool to see Roland Kickinger with a CGI of Arnold's face, as Arnold played a T-800 in all 3 Terminator movies. it was freaky how the cyborg gun turret recognized Marcus Wright, but did not shoot at him, because it knew that he was a Terminator cyborg. it didn't matter to me that Arnold was not in this movie, because I got a good thrill out of it none the less.
 This movie never really never got the credit it deserved at the box office.  This is a really good action flick.  My husband said it was the best movie he'd seen in a long time (and we watch a lot of movies).  It's got non-stop edge-of-your-seat action, and I thought Christian Bale was GREAT as John Connor.  Newcomer Sam Worthington was good in this, too.  If you read the reviews, you'll see what's driving the number of stars down is the fact that people don't like it that there are extras on the blu-ray version, but not the regular dvd version.  This movie gets five stars from me.
 I waited till Dec 1 to buy this and it was AWESOME! This movie had all the elements of the Terminator movies, it had the cyborg tracking John, it had the Terminator chase scenes (again and again), it had the fiery Terminator factory end scene, YES!, it had Arnie as the Terminator and he looked very, very close to how he looked in T1/T2, it had Sarah Connor, the music, the story, the director, it was all pieced together so well and Bale makes it so believable with his angry acting, just awesome. BUY IT!
 many of the old fan hates this movie. I am young fan and like the war of future. terminator Sarah Connor chronicles made me a fan. There so much to take advantage of.  If have not watch the trailer this movie should more thrilling.  The moives does have it flaws like john Conner's wound at the end. Also it the main character Marcus really helps make the movie.
 It's difficult these days to please a sophisticated world audience.  We've seen it all and it takes a lot to move us, inspire us, make us feel the gamut of emotions and be entertained.  Yet this installment of the Terminator series does just that.  IMHO, it ranks as one of the best epic science fiction movies ever produced.  The acting is outstanding, the characters are endearing, compelling and artfully developed.  Christian Bale plays the perfect relentless and conflicted John Connor. Sam Worthington beautifully brings the brave heart of Marcus Wright to life along with the tragic circumstances of his existence.  Moon Bloodgood excels at playing the beautiful Blair Williams a woman with unflinching strength and conviction.  The sweet youthfulness and fearless persona of Anton Yelchin playing a perfect Kyle Reese along with newcomer Jadagrace Berry (Star) together make the perfect complement of innocence contrasting starkly with their life on the bleeding edge.  The special effects were first rate, along with the script, sound and pace of the movie.  If you love sci-fi, you're going to love this movie.
 I liked Terminator 1, #2 is one of my all-time favorite movies, #3 was a sad joke, and #4 is a fitting end to a wonderful series.  I liked the little details that tied in and paid tribute to the previous movies
 The director's cut runs approximately 3 minutes longer, and inserts a few new scenes, but no major plot points.  This is NOT the major unrated cut that McG has referred to in past interviews, where he suggested that 30-40 minutes of additional footage would be added.  We'll probably see that in a future edition.  Here are the major differences between the theatrical version and the director's cut (spoilers follow).  1) In the opening action scene, when John Connor is leading his unit into the flooded underground Skynet base, a T-1 terminator (nice touch from T3) suddenly appears behind them.  His men destroy it before it can do any damage.  I'm glad this scene was cut; it inadvertently breaks the tension too quickly.  2) When John pulls his little "frogman stunt", he is seated before the Resistance Command generals, and General Ashdown (Michael Ironside) berates John.  Ashdown says, "I don't believe in prophecy, not when one can re-write the future", pulls out his gun and points it at John's head.  I liked this scene, because it illustrates John's present and minor role in the Resistance, especially with Command being skeptical of his "predictions".  3) Blair Williams/Moon Bloodgood's topless scene; really just a side shot as she washes herself in the rain in a non-sexual manner, and Marcus glances at her briefly.  4) Marcus/Blair Williams/redneck fight; the action is a little longer, and a little more brutal.  Marcus stabs one of the attackers with a screwdriver, and we see the impact, as well as the victim painfully removing the screwdriver.  Also, Marcus uses another one of the attackers as a human shield against another's shotgun blast.  5) Marcus/Blair Williams campfire scene is slightly longer with additional dialogue between the two.  6) Captured humans at Skynet; when one of the prisoners attempts an escape and is shot, we see the bullet impacts.  7) John Connor's speech to fellow Resistance members to not obey Ashdown's orders to attack is extended with a few sentences about his mother.  I liked this scene, not sure why they cut it.  It ties T2 in, and shows the impact of Sarah Connor.  (Is this where Christian Bale had his stage lights tantrum?)  8) Marcus/T-800 fight scene is slightly longer, shows Marcus getting pummeled a bit more by the T-800.  Also, John tries to revive Marcus an additional time, before collapsing in exhaustion.  I would like to add that I enjoyed Terminator 4; much better than the campy T3, and just a shade under T2.  The action was definitely there, and McG included a lot of thoughtful touches from the past movies, e.g. photograph of Sarah Connor, the origin of John's scars, John's like for Guns N'Roses, Sarah Connor's taped voice recordings (actually Linda Hamilton's voice), use of and of course the Arnold cameo.  Who can say no to Michael Ironside?  What I didn't like was Blair Williams' geisha makeup which she wore during air combat.  It made no sense, and was probably one of the deleted portions.  Bryce Dallas Howard was believable as Kate Connor, but her screen time was too short.  Hopefully, a future cut will show more of her relationship with John.  Some have said that Christian Bale's performance was wooden, or that John Connor's role was overshadowed by Sam Worthington's role as Marcus Wright.  I disagree with both counts; Bale played Connor as he should have been; grizzled, scarred, gruff.  Given that we know so much already about the future and John's role from prior Terminator movies, it makes sense to have another character portray the center protagonist role.  I also liked the idea of the audience first seeing John as a minor Tech-Com officer, steadily rising through the ranks and gaining influence.  Additionally, the movie's opening and closing scenes had a poetic touch to it, which I appreciated.  Marcus begins the film about to be executed, giving his body to a cybernetic program.  The film ends with the same shots of needle plungers being depressed, albeit for a different reason.  Marcus leaves the world as a cyborg, but giving his body to a human cause.  I did have one concern about the movies; how come the Arnold T-800 didn't die when John Connor shot the molten steel onto its head?  Turns out there's a perfectly scientific explanation (McG consulted a metallurgist).  Here's McG's answer
 while in the broad view this movie progresses the plot very little it is a solid action movie and covers the plot terrifically. the action isn't over the top and any explosion scenes are executed perfectly without making it over the top. you should probably watch the first three movies to be able to pick up on the plot immediately but you can get only fine if you don't assuming you've seen the first 3 previously
 Excellent movie.  It successfully tied the three previous Terminator movies together with Salvation, all the way from Arnold to Skynet.  Great special effects, too. This is a MUST OWN MOVIE if you own and/or enjoy ANY of the three previous Terminator's.  The Arnold Terminator was a fantastic surprise when I saw the movie for the first time in the theater. The Arnold-factor alone truly solidifies a bond between all four movies.
 I have to give this five stars because I think most of the bad reviews are from one of a few types of people
 I will be the 1st to say when I saw this in theaters I left with alot of questions. But with the maximum movie mode where McG pops up every now and then and explains things and tells you the thought process for alot of scenes I finally understand how this one fits the other 3. Still I think only the true die hard fans of  the Terminator movies will appreciate  this movie.
 I liked the movie it goes along with the story and they even brought back the original terminator "Arnold Schwarzenegger. A lot of action and destruction so if your a guy like me which loves vilence then this a good movie to see if you haven't seen it.
 OK, this a must own, I enjoy this movie as much as I enjoy the whole series. Finally we are in the future. The fight is never over.
 Saludos! Para las personas que quedaron decepcionadas con la ultima entrega (me incluyo) de las pel&iacute;culas de terminator llega esta nueva que revive esta gran saga
 The director's cut is better than the original but did not have as much added back as I would have liked and I personally think the special features would have fitted on the movie disk. This movie could have been better if it had more scenes added back in or at the least more special features.
 I actually liked this movie... Of course im used to seeing Arnold in these series. But, the story line of this movie kept me interested enough to keep watching. It's definitly worth watching!
 If you have liked even one of the Terminators, then you will like this one.  My favorite of them all.
 imagen 5/5 audio 5/5 extras 4/5 los extras no tienen sub esp audio frances ingles sub esp frances ingles
 After seeing this film in theaters I immediately drew a comparison to Blade Runner.  That film was released at a time where critics complained about the lack of a strong narrative and not enough substance.  I think this film befell a similar fate and was widely dismissed upon release.  Well I loved every minute of this film from the opening frame and waited over 6 months for the Blu-ray release.  This movie is not only highly entertaining but also touches upon the ideas that make us human.  I think after the Cristian Bale rant was somehow released a lot of the critics and audiences failed to appreciate his performance and considered this movie to be a mindless action film.  It's funny that the Transformers movie came out a little after this movie and was really panned (rightly so) for being a mindless exercise.  This film at least builds upon the previous mythology and creates several new interesting characters such as the Sam Worthington character who is only looking for a second chance.  At the end of the day I think in years to come this film will be given a second chance and will be appreciated for it's strong narrative, brilliant casting, wonderful cinematography, creative action scenes and strong direction.  Ever since the first Terminator film I have waited for another dark mythology driven fantasy of a future that is always a possibility.  We must never forget what makes us human.
 i love this movie in the teather, but in blue ray is more detailed and with an excelent sound you will centanly enjoy
 This was a gift for my son-in-law for Christmas and I got it for a super price because I pre-ordered it on Amazon as a gift. Thank you Amazon
 Hello !, I received this B-RD in time and not damage, cheers!. Best regards
 I just seen this movie about 4 days ago. Its a really good movie, and honestly the best out of the Terminator series. Definitly a movie worth buying. SO GET IT LOL.
 I'm a Terminator fan and like all the movies and I wasn't disappointed with this one for sure.  It was also at a very reasonable price through Amazon especially since it had just come out on DVD.  I'm happy with my experience.
 Terminator Salvation was predictable and mostly unrealistic.  However, there was a gritty emotional component to the movie and storyline that just worked enabling you to connect to the characters.  As a result, it was a darn good movie.
 great continuation of the Terminator saga.. Salvation should of came right after T2-JD, but at least we have it now! love it, love it!!
 I gave this to my son-in-law for Christmas.  This was what he had asked for.  He's watched it and enjoys it.  Shipping was immediate and the DVD was in perfect working order.  This is the place to buy.  Never a problem.
 the product arrived way before the deadline in perfect condition, I would say NEW or like new.
 A terminator that is not advertise the star of the show ,but really brings the story in a better level than the other terminators . To all of these people Bravo !!! GOOD JOB.
 THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE OKAY HOWEVER, PREVIOUS MOVIES WERE AT ANOTHER LEVEL. MOVIE SEEMED DARKER THAN NEEDED BUT ACTING OFFSET SOME OF IT, WOULD RECCOMEND THIS MOVIE TO OTHERS.
 This is a terrific movie for a loyal follower of the Terminator Series. Christian Bale does a fantastic job in his role as John Conner. Intense, gripping and hold onto your seat action. Excellent sequel. I do hope he does a second movie as the same character.  One of best things was the delivery of this movie to my home. Ordered it on Friday morning and was watching it the next day! Cudos Amazon!!!
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he has already watched it 4 times. Looks great on his new bluray player. He said it's even better than watching it in the theater.
 This movie is nowhere near bad as people say it is. It isn't even near bad period!  Now some may have had different expectations going into it of what it would be, but that's their own fault. The movie is awesome.
 great pic that fills the gap, and like the other films has the terminator as the savior
 Being a loyal fan of THE best terminator of the series (the first one) and having seen the sequels; I set my expectation levels very low for this one; particularly because of the PG-13 rating which reaked of pandering to the mainstream.  I have to say... I was shockingly surprised at how enjoyable this movie turned out to be. I don't have to mention how amazing the action sequences were but they were some of the best I've ever seen in any movie. While a few reviews mention the story and editing being choppy, I would have to agree only with the editing. The story linked the past sequels surprisingly well while at the same time creating an alternate future with a whole new subplot involving a whole new character. If you know your T- Series movies.. you know what I am talking about. Little touches throughout the movie added to the nastalgia such as the GNR moment, Arnold coming back (sort of) as the original terminator which looked so real. They literally took shots of the original movie to put arnold back in this movie so he looked just as he did in 1984. Even the scar on John Connor's face (which is in a future scene on T2) was added in the movie when he was scratched by the terminator. Little touches for fans like us made the movie that much more fun to watch.  I have to compliment the actors as well. I trully believed these characters would become the actors in the earlier movies especially Kyle Reese. Although, I found myself scratching my head with the little girl who added absolutely no value in the past sequels or this movie's story line.  This movie is a must see for T fans and new fans since it can also be watched as a stand alone movie. I was truly surprised at how much fun I had watching this movie, even though it's the first to tone it down with a PG 13 rating. I really wish they would have made it darker and grittier by making an R rating but it does rank as my second favorite in the series.
 I've seen this Blu-ray twice, Director's Cut once. The extra three minutes isn't much, but it does add a bit of smoothness to the story. If an extended version ever comes out (late 2010?) I'll be there to get my copy. I also read most of the complaints about this movie in between my two viewings. It didn't make any difference. Thankfully this movie doesn't remind me of T2 that much. Instead I think of Blade Runner and the recent TV series Battlestar Galactica. These are all treatments of similar ideas (replicant androids, and/or dominant robots) which I really enjoy.  I'm happy with the story, the casting, the acting ability of the cast, and the state-of-the-art production quality; AND the design and visual concepts, special effects, music, etc., etc. Considering the 118 minute running time, I don't see where a minute was wasted in telling the tale. Some of the complaints I've been reading here are about what more explanation the story needs. The-Powers-That-Be have cut it to its current length. We'll have to wait for a longer version.  I don't get all the complaining! One person says there are too many characters and the scope is too large; but T4 is a world war. Other people refer to the original films as being better somehow, and I heartily DISAGREE. I confess! I've never liked Arnold's Austrian-accented "witticisms", and I also did not enjoy him as a "good guy in T2. T1 was better, but that was a long time ago. Now that everybody has been schooled on the foundations of the Terminator saga, it's time to step up to the next level of the story. T4's director, McG, did just that, and very well, IMO.
 Ordered this for my husband for Christmas - he was very excited!  Exactly what I ordered and I received it very quickly!
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 One of the best movies to come out of 2009, Terminator Salvation was exactly what the franchise needed to reinvigorate itself.  2003's Terminator 3 did for this franchise what the Maginot Line did for France in WWII
 I have to disagree with the critics when they cut this film down.  First off, yes, they will probably never make a terminator film as good as T2 again.  However, this film was very entertaining.  It was a really nice spin to add another substantial character to the mix.  The story was good, special affects amazing and acting was great.  The action sequences were nicely done as well.  The Blu Ray looked just as good as I remember in the theater and comes with a nice amount of extras considering the cheap price it's selling for.  Don't expect alot from the added three minutes.  There were a couple small scenes I noticed and the rest were indiscernible.  Looking forward to T5.
 I dont care what naysayers or even critics who get paid to criticize the film, this IS a worthy sequel. Sure it aint the same without Arnold being there throughout the movie but ever since watching flashbacks of the future war in the previous installments, id say it was about time that someone made a film that shows what happens next after judgement day happend. If you watch closely, you would notice more than one homage to the first two films. From seeing the ruins of observation area where the first terminator arrived in T1, Marcus showing Reese how to handle a shotgun by tying a string to it which Reese did in T1 to help hide his gun in his trenchcoat, to a similar chase scene with a truck & the motor-terminators lookin like the first chace scene in T2, and even John Connor playin ( You Could Be Mine) by Gun's N Roses to lower a motor-terminator into a trap etc. Anton Yelchin really impressed me as a young Kyle Reese throughout the film just as Sam Worthington played a great cyborg who later finds out he's a pawn to eliminate mankind. Christian Bale pulled off John Connor well himself. As for Moon Bloodgood, Common, & Bryce Dallas Howard i would say it was unfair to discredit them when they didnt get that much screen time. But anyways, if you're a true terminator fan you will enjoy this film. Especially the climax that leaves you wondering what awaits John connor in further battles. Keep in mind that the film takes place in the early years of the war and if you still dont like it, stick to the Terminator
 What a great film! Blu ray is awesome! Not only great film and sound but tons of extra's that give a great couple hours enjoyment.
 First of all I absolutely LOVED the 1st movie, *kinda* liked the 2nd, and DESPISED the 3rd. I don't actually care why other people gave this movie bad reviews (to each his/her own) but I have had someone tell me they thought Terminator Salvation was "too dark".  Well yeah... That's the type of movie it's meant to be--post-apocalyptic and all. This was the future I've been hungry to see ever since Reese's flash-backs from the 1st movie and I'm glad it wasn't just another excuse to show off some cute smart-mouthed kid actor, etc... This one was gritty, which is really something I happen to dig in sci-fi movies.  Sometimes the reviews don't do justice. See it for yourself and decide whether or not you like Pepsi ads and Guns n Roses or a dark, moody thriller and, uh, more Guns n Roses...
 The Terminator Saga has been one of the most recognizable in science-fiction film lore and for good reason. The idea of timeline manipulation and the impending machine rebellion (which we all know is coming, right? 
 This movie was really good.  Confused how so many did not give it a good rating on Yahoo and other sites.  I am impressed.
 Didn't even know about this addition to the series until I was looking at them on Amazon.  Will enjoy watching it with the rest of the series
 Please describe the audio/video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.  The video quality was excellent.  The item description above says it is 2.40
 THIS WAS A VERY GOOD MOVIE AND I HAVE EVEN GIVEN IT OUT TO MY FRIENDS TO WATCH IT. CHRISTIAN BALE WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE TO BE JOHN CONNOR.
 As soon as I found out they were making another Terminator I was like "oh. no! Not again! I loved the first two movies (Classic scfi), but the third movie was less than exceptional. When I learned however, that Christian Bale would play John Connor, my attention was grabbed. Suddenly I wanted to see it. So, saw it in the theatre and not only was it good, it was great! To my additional suprise Sam Worthington (whom I had never seen before) in my opion was as good (if not better than) Christian Bale in his role as Marcus Wright. His character was so believable, you find yourself cheering him on, wanting him to survive. MCG did an excellent job with this movie! By the time the credits rolled, I was hoping MCG and Bale would team up for another go. I pre-ordered the DVD I liked it that much!
 Great movie, great price. I really like the movie, I went to see it in theatres and then bought this one. The video quality is amazing and the movie is awesome. No regrets.
 We rented the movie (video on demand) and loved it. We stopped it 45 minutes into the movie to refresh our drinks.....it felt like only 15 minutes had passed. Definitely worth the rental !
 I saw it thinking it was going to be so terrible. Do not listen to reviewers. They think it was terrible. I liked it better than the originals. The action was great, storyline was actually pretty good, and the acting was terrific. I only found it to be a little short because I didn't want it to stop.  Action
 Im am a huge Terminator fan, and have seen all the movies more than twice, and I have to say this is the BEST of the whole series!!! The movie is action packed and has a sloid plot, with many twists and turns, that leave you guessing throughout the whole movie. Christian Bale And Sam Worthington in my opinion both played an excillent role in the movie. I won't really tell the plot for those of you who have never seen it, but all i'll say is that it takes place a few years after Terminator 3, and Skynet has terminated half of the human race, now creating different types, and models of Terminators to destroy those who survived the deadly attack, now called the Resistance. Buit when Skynet produces it's deadlyest Terminator model yet, the fate of the world is again in the hands of John Connor, and a few freinds, oh and lets just say...lol....Arnold's Back. 5/5!
 this is a great movie, of course it is not a james cameron movie, it is not supposed to be!!! but it was so much more entertaining than the other terminators. we loved it, promise you will not be dissapointed, cool action futuristic movie!!
 AWESOME addition to the series 
 this movie is the best ever seen. we been waiting a long time for this particular moment. and now its here.
 product was in excellent condition. shop with confidence. would buy from this seller again.
 Blu Ray is the only way to watch this movie...excellent sound with surround sound setup and the picture is extra crisp.
 MY FAMILY AND I LOVED THIS MOVIE. IT WAS THE BEST ONE YET..FULL OF ACTION AND ENTERTAINMENT.. TWO THUMBS UP..
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 Terminator Salvation is an extremely beautiful action movie. We finally get an entire movie based around the future war. Not only do we get to see the classic terminators, but we get a ton of fascinating new implements of Skynet. Watching this movie on Blu-Ray will be an amazing experience.
 Got this DVD some time ago from Amazon but wasn't able to review it until now.  The director's cut is not much different then the regular version but the extras are very nice additions. I'd reccomend this to anyone who liked the film but have not bought the DVD.
 Some spoilers follow...  I really expected a bad movie considering it was "Charlie's Angels McG at the helm, but it actually had the same "B movie feeling the other three had...he could use a little help in the story editing department (the flow was a little clunky here and there...almost like stuff was missing), but the script seemed solid enough to me. Like most movies these days, I'm sure there is a great deal of footage on the floor so to speak, that could end up being an extended version of this that could possibly clarify things a bit.  The production was outstanding...this will a great demo disc on BR, especially with the sound design...very layered and intense. The special effects were great and everything from sets to make-up to costumes and photography was a step up from the earlier films, giving it an epic feel. It has a gritty look to the action that suits the setting and story perfectly. The physical action were really well done...again, adding an intense realism to the movie without being over the top.  Stand-outs include the sensational "Harvester chase scene and both times Conner is in a chopper...watch out!  Another surprise here is the choice of Danny Elfman, and his score sounds quite good...a little too reminiscent of his work on Marky Mark's Ape flick maybe, but it still works none the less....he gives the music a more traditional orchestral sound opposed to the over-use of synthesizers that many action films rely on these days. It was cool to hear Fidel's main motif pop in once in a while at just the right times. There's an interesting recurring motif for the Marcus character that reminds me of Ron Grainer's work on "The Omega Man", further adding to that cool `70's apocalyptic vibe that parts of this movie has.  Now the cast...as mentioned by many other reviews, this is definitely Sam Worthington's show...the story invests a lot of time in Marcus' journey through the film an it helps that Worthington does a really good job with his physical performance (especially with those little nods to Arnold's "stillness along the way) and he comes across well acting-wise too. I found his struggle with what he really was provided the most poignant moments in the movie...a man trapped in a new existence as a Terminator, fighting to stay connected with his flawed humanity and looking for some kind of redemption for his own past and ending up providing a "salvation for the resistance and it's new leader....cool stuff and an interesting twist on the whole "Terminator story.  Bale was almost a supporting actor in this thing...he was competent, but not outstanding. Again, his role could have been sabotaged by the script and the editing as much as anything... Compared to Marcus, Bale's John Conner seemed a little one-note with his performance throughout the film. Could be considered the nature of his character here but... There were some cool moments with him though, like when he pops on that GnR tune before capturing the MotoTerminator that brought back memories of the Connor character's motorbike stunts in T2. I also liked that it was pretty clear that not everyone in the resistance (most notably the higher-ups) though he was "all that", but the grunts in the trenches did...gave him an everyman appeal that was pretty cool.  Another show-stealer was Anton Yelchin as Kyle Reese...this young man is proving to be quite the chameleon as an actor this summer, first in "Star Trek as the precocious boy-genius Chekov and now here he is almost literally channeling Michael Biehn (right down to talking through clenched teeth) as the young resistance fighter Reese.  Both of the female characters are a little short-shifted here, but both Howard and Bloodgood do a good job in the brief scenes they have.  Like the recent "Star Trek picture, this one had a lot of visual nods (and some obvious lines) to the earlier films, from the cool opening credits looking similar to the ones the first film to a lot of physical gags from other movies as well, especially with Marcus. The action sequences were well-staged and packed some punch. And yes, the Arnold cameo featured some excellent work from ILM...very well integrated both visually and in the story....very cool. The ending? Well, I'll just leave it at...I like what the film presented way better than the "leaked one....yeah, maybe it seemed a little sappy to some, but I though it fit well.  The main thing that really shines though in this movie for me is that it really looks like an effort by folks that really cared about the Terminator saga and wanted to do a great job. As with any of these "franchise movies, there are always fans who disagree with the approach taken with the film or story elements or casting choices or whatever. But it works great for me...I hope this movie finds a big, receptive audience on DVD and Blu-Ray...  But...if this ends up being the end of the line for the Terminator saga (and the slowing domestic BO suggests it might be)...it's a good one, but I'm game for more...
 I just don't get the negative reviews. I refused to watch it because of the many bad reviews. I finally decided to watch it last night. I was expecting a lousy flick. What a pleasant surprise. This movie is great. Almost as good as the first Terminator but definately better than parts two and three. If you don't like this movie you just can't appreciate originality and great action. 10 STARS OUT OF 10!
 Already had a DVD of this movie...bought the Blu ray for the improved video quality.  I was not disappointed. The video quality on this Blu ray is excellent and consistent throughout the movie (tested on a 60 inch plasma HDTV).  Highly recommend if you are looking for improved video quality.
 I have been hooked on the Terminator series since the 1st and this one did not disappoint at all.  Special effects and the acting were excellent!  Christain Bale never lets me down - he has become one of my favorite actors ever since American Psycho.
 I have not been ale to watch the movie. The seller clearly posted this as HD, but I was too dumb to know the difference. I have no way to play this disc but that's all on me. The seller posted it correctly. I was just to hurried and did not pay attention. Since it's my error, I never asked about returning it. I'll try to resell it or just donate it if I have too.
 awesome film, better then T3 and problem was storylines but this was doing the writer strike, other then that awesome movie
 Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
 It goes without saying that the "best Terminator film was the first, simply because it *was* the first! There is something to be said for originality, after all. Still I am far more impressed with "Terminator Salvation for a couple of reasons
 If you like the Terminator Series, this movie is a must. It is a very good story line with excellent effects. There's only one part of the movie that I thought was a little "cheesy, but that's my opinion. I know what the reasoning behind it was, but I think it was just unnecessary. I won't say what it is because I do not want to spoil it.
 To the action lover this movie will be greatly appreciated. I think that even those who are not so much impressed with action films will like this one.
 They finally changed it up from the "a new terminator is trying to kill you and I'm here to protect you scenario.  Good special effects and good story to entertain.
 Christian Bale out did himself as John Conner in this 4th extension of the Terminator Saga with a Dark side never seen before! There was no mercy or compassion for the proto type Terminator Marcus Right until that proto type gave up his life for John Conner. I was completely surprised at the ending of this movie and amazed at its impact on my own thinking!  Excellent story line and drama with the best visual effects seen since T-2  Th<a href="http
 Wow, Terminator Salvation is actually a really exciting movie!  I went in already a big fan of the original three Terminator films, but Terminator Salvation really does a fantastic job continuing with the series.  It's not a secondrate or cheesy attempt in comparison to the previous three Terminator films either- it's actually really darn good.  I admit I mostly like the Terminator films because, well first of all, they are action-packed in a way that's pretty easy to understand and follow.  I simply *enjoy* them.  I know what's going on.  It's not science fiction created in a completely confusing way.  The storyline is what it is- machines are designed to kill humans and take over the world.  Secondly, I feel a LOT of tension whenever I think about humans trying to run away from an enormous, dangerous machine created for the sole purpose of destroying anybody that moves.  I can't tell you how many dreams I've had where I was running and hiding as much as I could ONLY for a huge machine to suddenly show up and force me to continue running.  I love it!  As for Terminator Salvation, there's some really cool additions to the machine creatures.  I really fell in love with the robot snakes (as I like to call them, hehe).  They are actually huge metal claws that hide in the water.  Also, let's not forget the scene out in the desert with that HUGE machine that actually has motorcycles stored as a last resort inside his legs (I kid you not!).  Apparently whenever someone is out of shooting distance for this particular machine, he opens up his legs and sends machines on motorcycles after them.  Awesome!  The storyline is typical affair however.  You *know* what to expect.  There's nothing especially hard to grasp about what's taking place.  Overall, with todays technology and the way Hollywood delivers action flicks these days, the action scenes involving the robots going ballistic is just incredible and seems more believable now than it did in years past.  The same remains true here.  Great movie.
 I went into this flick expecting a big, fat flop.  But what I got was a suspenseful, informative movie with a driving plot, exceptional acting, and a few splashes of memories of sweet days gone by.  I am SO glad that Christian Bale signed up for this one.  His presence was the kicker.  Many movies that are at the fourth installment are bashed by critics and slammed by the masses before they even reach the public eye.  These movies are destined to fail simply because they are preternaturally steeped in "sequel doom and, therefore, expected to fail.  With Christian being there, you know that the entire production team was aiming for quality, and they did not disappoint.  There were many edge-of-your seat moments and plenty of pure suspense to go around.  Even though the scene with Ah-nold in it was computer generated, it was awesome to see him again in a movie.  Actually, it was a bit bittersweet.  Because of the success of "Terminator
 Back in 2003 as I was driving with my Mom from seeing Terminator 3
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 (**Contains minor spoilers**)  First off, this is not Arnold's Terminator. If you're expecting the same thing as the first three, you'll be disappointed by this movie. Nor is it a serious philosophical work. It is simply a continuation of the first three, from a somewhat different -- but not contradictory -- light.  The story follows John Connor and Marucs Wright, two very different individuals whose fates nonetheless seem intertwined. Connor leads a raid against one of Skynet's prisoner-holding facilities; in the process, many die. Connor makes it out alive, but so does someone else...Wright, who was being held in the facility, emerges a few minutes after Connor is extricated. Thus begins a long, twisted path on which both men embark. Along the way, they find themselves on the same team -- often doubting the other's intentions -- and yet at odds when the dark secret of Wright's resurrection -- after his execution before Judgment Day -- comes to light.  Meanwhile, they learn that Skynet is using them both to ensnare Connor as well as Kyle Reese, in order to manipulate history in their own favor; at the same time, Skynet is manipulating the Resistance itself, offering up a sort of "Trojan Horse in order to take out high command.  There are many twists and turns along the rocky road to "Salvation -- personal, and of the Resistance -- but both men make the journey. In the end, one will sacrifice all to give the other a chance at life.  Now, aside from my brief retelling (trying not to give away too much), my opinion. It's very well done, and highly enjoyable, to me at least. Obviously, there are many who disagree. But I enjoyed the twists and turns, and actually saw the movie several times while it was playing at my local theater. Would I recommend seeing it before you buy it? Yes, if for no other reason because so many are so disappointed in it. I, however, think it is one of the best, if not the best, in the series -- certainly better than 2 and 3 imho. Keep in mind that my parents were from the generation that saw and loved the first two in theaters, and I'm not; and, frankly, I don't know how much my Dad -- who loved the first -- would care for this one. I approach this having seen the first two around when T3 (which I wasn't terribly fond of) came out.  Also, this is best seen more than once to make certain that you catch everything; for a "light movie (which it certainly is), it tends to jump about, and make sudden detours. Not unpleasantly, to me at least, but there it is. My advice? See it with an open mind, and don't expect a masterpiece. If you do, you might like it; I personally thought it was awesome.
 "Terminator Salvation is the beginning of a new saga in the "Terminator franchise which begun in 1984 with James Cameron's hit "The Terminator". Directed by McG, this takes place fifteen years after the events of "Terminator
 After seeing so many really-bad and so-so "blockbuster movies recently, I was extremely pleased with this one.  Highly recommended.  Oh, the blu-ray treatment is top-notch too.
 good cast, good story, great effects. good to watch in order..   ... ... ... ... .... .... ... ... ..
 Outstanding; much more substance compared to other Terminators; acting on a much higher level due to Christian Bale.  The most satisfying of all, now for Terminator-Victory!
 I almost didn't watch this movie because I could never stomach Christian Bale & by the time I was finished watching it, I had totally changed my mind about him!! I now LOVE him but especially adore Sam Worthington!! This was top notch special effects & amazing acting by all in the movie. The story line was fantastic and well written also. I think I have watched this at least 20 times already and I never get sick of it! I totally recommend this to add to your "Terminator collection.
 Terminator salvation is one of the best movies. I was happy to find it avaliable to download. I watch it almost every week.
 It is what you would expect, but in a good way, for those who are interested in the action/drama genre
 I loved this movie when I saw it on the big screen.  I still love it now.  Great movie, ton of action and great acting.  If you love buying action movies, this one is one to buy.
 The emphasis on story may be gone but the gritty style of this movie will leave you yearning for a more worthy succesor to the terminator films.
 I just finished watching this movie with hubby an hour ago for the first time. I never seen or new there was a Terminator 4. I just new about Terminator 1 and 2. When I looked up 1 and 2 to order off of Amazon I found out about 3 and 4. I now have all 4 Terminators. I've been watching each one in order the past few days. And I think Terminator 4 is a good movie. I don't think it is the best Terminator. The 3rd Terminator is the best one, but I enjoyed it just as much as the other three.
 This video is awesome. Remy, Juelz Santana, and Ne-Yo perform their hip-hop and R&B hits at The Roseland Ballroom in NYC and tears up the stage. There are also many new talented artists who are interviewed and music videos. I love The Spot Review show! It's like a breath of fresh air. If you are tired of seeing the same faces in the music industry on TV, you need to check out this show.
 Beethoven Symphonies Nos. 4 & 7, Coriolan Overture Vladimir Jurowski, conductor Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment Theatre des Champs-Elysees EuroArts Blu-ray Disc  In my opinion, this disc illustrates once again why Maestro Jurowski is earning a reputation as one of the premier orchestra and opera conductors of today.  The three Beethoven works performed on this disc are examples of classical music-making at its very best, with tempos and dynamic shadings that are spot on.  In addition, the use of period instruments and a small-scaled orchestra provide listeners a clarity of detail, textures, colors, and harmonies that are quite beautiful.  Noteworthy also are those occasional passages where the tympani and/or horns are featured.  In these particular passages, these accent instruments are heard to better advantage than one normally encounters, and the effect is impressive.  And finally it should be pointed out that the introduction (and subsequent playings) of the main theme of the last movement of the 7th symphony are truly wonderful.  This is primarily due to the violinists use of a style of bowing known as (I think) "spiccato"---a bowing technique that gives the music a bit more "bite and definition than one usually hears.  To me, hearing the theme played this way is exactly the way it was meant to be heard.  Both the picture and sound quality of this Blu-ray disc are excellent.
 From the very first bars of the Coriolan Overture, it is apparent that this is Beethoven at his very best. Vladimir Jurowski and his absolutely brilliant Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment give us a new reading of old favorites that may well blow you out of your chair. There is plenty to discover
 This is a sharply etched set of Beethoven works as played by an orchestra using instruments typical of Beethoven's period under the firm and disciplined direction of the young Russian conductor Vladimir Jurowski.  Many will associate Jurowski with successful performances of opera where there is generally a strong dramatic impulse to the interpretations, frequently up-tempo choices of speeds and generally tight control. This often leads to exciting results within the theatre world. The question therefore must be, how does he fare in standard concert works such as these?  In my opinion he does very well indeed and along expected lines. The concert starts with a grippingly taut performance of the Coriolan Overture. This is followed by an equally tight and dramatic account of the 4th symphony with sharp articulation from the orchestra at generally crisp speeds. Drama is accentuated by prominent timpani with hard sticks and cuttingly forceful brass. This is not a comfortable concept, but Beethoven himself was not a comfortable character either.  The concert concludes with a strikingly dramatic performance of the popular 7th symphony that follows all the previous characteristics with the exception of the speed chosen for the last movement. This `apotheosis of the dance' is taken at a relatively steady speed which, on first hearing, came as rather a disappointment to me - but definitely not to the rapturous audience. However upon further hearing it became clear that the chosen speed, which was adhered to with remarkable consistency, was exactly right in enabling the vital concluding bars with blaring horns to truly hit home with precise articulation and power - the overwhelming effect that Beethoven surely had in mind at the time of writing.  So for me this is a very fine and convincing disc of `period' Beethoven performances. Taken on its own terms it is probably unlikely to be bettered in terms of drama, accuracy of performance and period style. It is certainly a far cry from the alternative viewpoint taken by Thielemann with the VPO for example. There should perhaps be room for both concepts.  The recording is exceptionally fine in so far as the sound fully captures the energetic `rawness' of the intended sound. This is backed up by dramatically sympathetic camera work that manages to be detailed without being invasive.  In my opinion therefore, this warrants the full 5 stars. However, if you like Beethoven to be big and sumptuous you may not like it and would be best advised to search elsewhere for musical satisfaction.
 There are of course numerous authoritative readings of the pieces recorded in this DVD. The Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, however, is a period instrumental ensemble.  There are some people who adamantly refuses to accept any 'period' performance of Beethoven's grand symphonies. I approachded this disc with reservation myself, but the performance as recorded quickly dispelled any of my remaining concern. The recorded sound is very good.  I first played the disc without viewing, and was rapturous of the accoustics, and much more so as I listened further by the performance. Jurowski has a good credential as an opera conductor.  He is in charge currently of the Glyndebourne Festival, and has conducted at Italy, Germany, USA, and at large opera houses, even the MET, all to critical acclaim. Perhaps it is time to acknowledge that this musician's strength lies not only in opera.  The wonderful pianist Sviastoslav Richter began his pianistic career doing piano rehearsals for opera houses.  Nobody termed the legendary Richter an 'opera pianist'.  What is in the operas, often goes into a composer's instrumental music, W A Mozart is a clear example to boot. The conducting of Jurowski is clearly dramatic, but at the same time totally idiomatic. You will not find a Beethoven that is like Wagner. Having watched him live, Vladimir is clearly one of those 'conducting before the music' conductors. For young conducting talents, the No. 7 Symphony here reminds me of Guido Cantelli's own stereo recording of this masterpiece, a performance that is totally youthful and energised.  Jurowski and the OAE comes really close to that legendary reading.
 This documentary is very interesting and I recommend it. It does a good job of showing the lives of various trans-men. It deals with the struggles they each had to face as parents transitioning from female to male and mommy to daddy.
 I think this is the most underrated movie I know of. And I frankly don't understand why it's not a major hit readily available on DVD. It's very well directed and cast -- I especially like Giancarlo Giannini (sp?), but Conti and Olmos and others were great too. However, the real power of the movie derives from the quality of Celia Gittelson's story. It's intelligent, warm-hearted, deep, and very funny. I watch it on sad evenings before I fall off to sleep, and life's not so bad.  I can't help using this as a forum to explain what I see in the movie.  The Pope grows heavy from being an abstraction -- longs to return to the life of a priest where he can do some concrete good for concrete people. And suddenly he finds himself with an opportunity to wander in the world incognito.  This of course leaves room for all kinds of hysterical lines by people who don't know who he is ("You can go straight to hell. Who do you think you are? or "Maybe he's a priest? "Naw, a priest would tell us we go to hell for this."), and how his friends at the Vatican try to cover for him ("You got a job?... With all due respect, your Holiness, can't these villagers sort their own rags?")  And there's one concrete thing that he wants to do. He -- the most significant -- is guided to it, by one of the most insignificant a deaf girl from a small village (Isabella) who has taken the step of leaving her home to find him... and this act somehow demands that he respond.  It's the story of how the Christ figure (who I regard as our own true self) comes to earth and lives among us; how he works; what doubts, fears and confusions he has; what matters to him; what effect he has on various types of people. It's an explanation of the mechanism whereby mankind is redeemed.  The mechanism is to go to a place where people are defeated, take on some arbitrary project which represents a positive step, and simply act. The extent to which you know what you're doing is irrelevant. What matters is the intention.  The Pope chooses in this defeated village to rebuild the aqueduct. He knows nothing about construction. And as none of the important people -- the adult males -- will help, he gets his help from those whom society deems insignificant -- orphaned children, widows.  And then you see the incredibly venomous and destructive reaction which his actions evoke in the negative forces in the society. They begin by burning the partially reconstructed aqueduct. At this point Isabella's beautiful, sane and soulful mother -- with whom he is falling in love -- asks him, "So what are you going to do? "I'll build it again. "He'll just burn it again. "So I'll build it again. And when he comes back, I'll be here. I'll be waiting for him.  It maybe sounds stupid, but on several occasions in life, I've felt defeated -- my actions seem to be in a void, no one notices -- and this movie somehow helps me to get off my duff and 'rebuild the aqueduct'... restore my faith that my intention is heard somewhere in the ether, even if I can't see the results.  I find myself these days also relating the film to world politics. It's an essentially European film, and it restores my faith somehow that despite all their criticism of the US these days, Europe does understand the mechanism of nihilism and restoration. Europe too is on some level understandably defeated. And for all her doubts and failings, I believe the US is a positive force in the world...  The second attempt to burn is headed off by his band of ophaned boys whose allegiance the Pope has usurped from the main bad guy (Olmos). In the third burning, the incredibly charming leader of the gang is killed. He's the sacrificial lamb which spreads the Pope's intentions among the community as a whole. The Pope now feels defeated, but the community fills in.  And then there's the one town drunk, Abalardi, who lives on the outskirts, tends sheep, and is the only one who recognizes the Pope for who he really is. ("Please excuse the sheep. They see so few Popes... They fired you or what? "No, I hadn't thought of that. No, they didn't fire me. Maybe God did... "I can put your mind to rest on that... there's no such person.") Abalardi has the best role, and it's acted perfectly. At last the Pope asks, "Who are you, Abelardi? I can keep a secret.
 What a heartwarming, touching, perfect movie. Why doesn't someone release this gem on DVD. Don't need no special features, don't need no previews, don't need no cast bio's - just need this wonder film on DVD!
 I SAW THIS FILM AS A CHILD AND IT IS ONE OF THE FILMS I AM MOST FOND OF.  IT IS RARE FOR A MOVIE TO LIVE IN THE THOUGHTS OF SOMEONE FOR SO LONG BUT I HAVE ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT ONE DAY I WOULD FIND A COPY FOR MYSELF.  TRULY A GREAT FILM.
 This film is not just a must see, it is a must own.  You will definitely want to bring out this film over and over to see again.  From its creative, unique plot, funny lines, irony, beautiful scenery, marvelous acting, and wonderful, not just feel-good but make-you-think message,  you will want to add this movie to your favorites list.  Saving Grace delights, inspires and gently admonishes the viewer to find and be faithful to the things in life that really matter, despite the naysayers and obstacles that mount up to try to obscure the simple good all around us.  This film is the opposite of in-your-face religion; instead it is about all of us finding the love and goodness in the rough and simple places all about us, rather than in the high places.  When I stumbled onto this movie some years back in a video store, the film quickly became a favorite, that I regularly showed to family and friends, and to youth groups.  All loved it, both the guys and the girls.  I would always bring it out Saving Grace to view when I became overwhelmed or beaten around by life.  To my great remorse, my VHS copy was lost when I loaned it out and never got it back.  That was several years ago.  Now I am on this site looking for a copy on DVD to buy, and grumbling because it doesn't seem to be available.  Once I find the DVD version, I will purchase at least 5 copies,for myself and to give as gifts to family and friends.  I hope the powers that be come to their senses and make this beautiful film available on DVD.  It also would be great to see on TV; I can imagine it becoming a recurring favorite through the years.
 This is a movie that lifts me up when I'm down.  I too wish it was on DVD.  I read through a few of the five star ratings and really liked what they had to say.  I wish more people in the world were like this.  I know of few people who are very good to other people and have charitable dispositions.  I like to watch this movie and try to live the example that was set.  Please get it made into a DVD.
 I saw this movie first in 1995 and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I love the story, the characters, the fine acting.  It is a truly a beautiful movie.  A gem.
 Story, movie and acting all come together in this movie. They sure don't make them like this any more. It's a must have. I WANT IT IN WIDE SCREEN FORMAT DVD. NOW!!!
 Tom Conti's "Saving Grace is a largely unknown, underrated movie, perhaps because it was made abroad and most of the casts were unknown actors (save Tom and a young Edward James Olmos). However, the plot of the movie and the story line was excellent.  It tells the story of a future Pope Leo XIV (played by Conti), who was isolated from his flocks, living in Vatican and surrounded by Vatican bureaucrats he had to deal with everyday. He wished that he is able to travel outside to see how his people live their lives and deal with real-life problems. One day, somewhat unexpectedly, he got his wish. He accidentally got locked out from the Vatican and decided to travel to a rural and impoverished Italian village that suffered from all the disasters and misfortune one can imagine (epidemic, unemployment, chronic poverty, failing infrastructure, etc). He decided to attempt to rekindle the spirit of the local people by (at first) single-handedly rebuild an old malfunctioning village aquaduct. Soon, he started to win followers from the young hopeless residents of the village, but he also encounters many obstacles and learnt a great deal about himself and how his ministry supposed to be like during his time in the village. This experience transforms the way he conducts his Petrine ministry in many ways.  This is a must see movie for Catholics (or anyone for that matter) that often thought that the Pope, the bishops, and the clergymen were often out-of-touch with the concerns and problems of lay Catholics. I wish the experiences of Leo XIV could happen more often in real life and transform the way Popes and bishops govern the Church. But till then, you should watch this movie, enjoy it, and pray that the transformation told in it would occur in our Church today.
 This movie is great! I have it on vhs and have watched it for years but have been waiting for an official release to dvd but it hasn't happened. When I saw that Amazon manufactures it on demand I was skeptical, but I ordered it anyway and was not disappointed in the least. The quality of this dvd is just as good as what any studio would release. So if you're hesitant in purchasing this because Amazon manufactured it, DON'T BE!  Purchase it-you won't be disappointed either!
 It literally took me years to figure out the name of this movie.  I just remember seeing and loving this movie back when I was a child.  Like the 40+ others reviewing this I say, "GIVE US A DVD OF THIS TO BUY! This is such a wonderful heart warming movie! I wish that there was some way to get it out on DVD! I've watched it many times and it always makes me  believe again in goodness in the world.
 I can in no way improve on what has been said already.  This film should be be treated as a classic that will be watched for many years to come.  PLEASE!!! get this onto DVD.  I will buy it immediately along with extra copies for others.  This is a real jewel!
 I saw this charming film on the recommendation of my brother in law. A film about a pope who gets locked out? Eeeehhhhhhhh, I dunno.  My husband and I watched it and were absolutely charmed. We have been looking for a DVD version for the last few years to add it to our library and share with our kids.  BRING THIS GEM TO DVD!
 A friend recommended this to me years ago, and when I saw the video, I loved it. Later my wife bought the VHS for me, but I hope that it will be released on DVD one day.  Although listed as a comedy--and it does have a strong humorous flavor throughout--it is a powerful drama about spiritual growth, hope, despair, love, and self respect. Reminiscent somewhat of "Shoes of the Fisherman, starring Anthony Quinn, from several years earlier, this is the story of a Pope's returning to his roots of being a pastor and helper of mankind--something he found difficult, if not impossible, to do in the Vatican. Somewhat by accident, he embarked on a spiritual journey and once again proved that he was a true priest of God.  If you haven't seen this movie, please do so. It is somewhat of a "sleeper and may be difficult to find. Quite frankly, I don't know why it didn't get more visibility.
 I remember seeing the preview to this movie when it was released in the theaters, and thinking, "Sounds Funny! Well, we may have been a little mislead by that. However, this movie shows what we all must go through at one time in our lives
 When I first saw this movie it lifted me up. If only a real Pope could be so spiritual. Lent it to a Buddhist priest and a Catholic friend and they both praised the movie, and the feelings it brought out in them.  The Giannini character says God doesn't exist but he hopes that's not true. The movie makes you believe that, if God does exist, it would be a wonderful thing. And maybe God does exist.  But it's not a religious movie, it's a movie about people and a movie that's wonderfully done . . "Full of wonder . . hmm.
 Why, oh why, doesn't this wonderful, family, heart-warming film appear on DVD? It is a gem for any day of the week. Ponti is a wonderful Pope (and I am Methodist).  Please, pleeeeeeze, bring out in DVD format. My VHS format is old and yellow..... and fuzzy.
 Wonderful movie of a young pope (for a pope) who feels he has become inaffective and sneaks off to find his way.
 I was very thankful to find this movie. It's one of my favorites. Catholic or not, you'll enjoy this touching movie.
 I had seen this movie many years ago and lost track of who had it in my family. I decided I needed to see it again. It was worth more than I paid. Rare to see a non-religious "religious film. With warmth and humor the story of Pope Leo and the defeated village of Monte Petra reaffirms the value of elegance in story telling and the power of great and honest acting to move the soul. The humanity rooted in love, even when love can be a hard pill to swallow, can and in this case does, inspire. Tom Conti's character in very human,striving to cope with almost superhuman responsibilities. His "escape to find his people allows him to find himself again...and his spiritual Guide. Enjoy this one with your family!
 I am soooo excited that this movie is FINALLY available on DVD!  If I could own only 3 or 4 movies - this would definitely be one of them.  Heartwarming, subtle humor and a great story.  Catholic, non Catholic - it doesn't matter - you'll love the story.  Don't Miss it!
 I taped this film from TV some time ago and have watched it over and over. It's funny and heartwarming. Conti and Giannini give wonderful performances.
 A long lost gem, this is such a wonderful movie! Tom Conti is perfect as the Pope who's accidentally locked out of the Vatican and finds a purpose in helping a small town escape from the evil seduction of dependency on government handouts.
 I Just finished watching SAVING GRACE,for the 4th or 5th time. A moving, funny, enjoyable and inspiring film with an incredible cast headed by Tom Conti, along with Giancarlo Gianinni, Fernando Rey, Erland Josephson and others. Who would have thought a movie about THE POPE could be this human. See it.
 I am very happy with this purchase.  The tape artrived in good time.  The movie arrived in a nearly perfect box and the tape was also in very good shape.  I was very pleased.
 I bought this for a friend because it is one of my favorite movies ever!
 This movie will engage you from beginning to end. All of the characters are complex and each is very convincingly portrayed. It's appeal is not an overly sentimental presentation of the "old god becomes human theme. Instead it takes a man who happens to be pope and allows him to temporarily abandon the vestments of his position. The central character has all the flaws of any man and makes mistakes that in some instances result in trajedy. Tom Conti's performance is outstanding. His character is both passionate and sensitive but like the rest of us struggles to make the right decisions and take the best action. The results are not predictable. You will laugh and cry but above all else it will challenge your views of what constitutes good and evil. And in the end...(I'll let you decide).
 All this time, I thought I was the only who loved this movie as much as you do.  I had a copy of this movie at one time and was so eager for my friends to see it, I loaned it to a preacher when he had surgery and I never saw the movie again and he joined the Navy and moved to Spain.  Ever since, I have been looking for this movie on DVD.  What a disappointment that it isn't on DVD.  Whenever I think of the movie, I can't help but smile.  It has such true meaning for humanitarian causes.  Please keep me posted when it comes out on DVD (if ever).  I am so glad there is a Saving Grace following!
 This is a wonderful family film that is way too hard to find.  Video stores should continue to carry it.  I'm so glad to have this video in my collection.  Every family should.
 What a gem this film is! A true delight for the whole family! With lessons on morality, modest humor, and triumphant hope amid the struggle against oppression and despair, this film is a treasure to be watched repeatedly!  The acting, writing, and direction are all excellent. The cinematography and location scenes are all beautiful! My only problem with the film is that its translataion onto tape caused it to jiggle on the screen. Maybe that's because the tape was used and old. I do not know. Nonetheless, when and if it comes out on dvd I intend to buy at least two copies.
 I ordered the movie "Amazing Grace with Tom Conti and Retro Rocket Entertainment has been excellent to deal with. they were prompt in answering my concerns and very good about helping me with my concerns. they are excellent to do business with and I would recommend them highly.
 I rented this movie a couple of time a few years back. It is funny and a real faith builder too.  It is a shame that the film is out of print and was never put on a DVD.  In the meantime, I can still enjoy it on my trusty VHS player.  I strongly recommend that you scoop up one of the last copies of the movie still available
 What a wonderful, heart warming movie. Not to be confused with another movie of the same name starring Craig Ferguson. Tom Conti gives an exceptional performance as Pope Leo who, inadvertantly, lives among the common people. What a movie! Great seller
 I had been looking for this movie for a long time. I'am so glad I got it. What a great story.
 For the most part, surfing movies only subtly delve into the totally experience of surf adventures.  You may see an airport scene here, and a flat tire on the rental car there.  But viewers may not get the full essence of a real surfing adventure.  Endless Summer II is a tremendous mix of awesome footage at beautiful breaks, interesting experiences from the cast, and delightful break from the typical surf film.  If you have any bit of surfing blood in you, you will be extremely pleased with this pick.
 Know what I did the other day?  Woke up with the theme song from Endless Summer in my head. It was snowing up and down the east coast, so I popped in Endless Summer II (on VHS - still waiting for that DVD), turned up the heat, cracked open a couple Coronas with my roommate, and instantly was back in the sun, on the beach, in the kind of place where deeply spiritual connection to people and place combines with waves and nice looking girls in bikinis (or less if you're in Biaritz, Fr.), the kind that only comes from surfing. The thing about this movie
 This movie is pure goofy fun.  Great footage of surfers doing their thing in some of earth's most beautiful places.  The humor is so goofy and cheesy that you can't help laughing and cheering your way through the movie.  On a winter's night after playing all day in the snow, O'Connell and Weaver are the perfect guides to endless summer fun......
 This is a great surfing film that shows the lives of surfers, both what they do and who they are. I highly recommend this flick for anyone who has ever surfed or thought about riding a wave. Once again Bruce Brown has out done himself.
 That's a good movie with a good storie and good surfing. I've just seen it once and I don't know how many times I will watch before being bored.
 Awesome video, great videography and humorous narration of two young men who trek the globe, catching waves during an "endless summer of fun and adventure.
 It is hard to improve on the original, but this DVD comes real close.  Any surf film can show good waves, but what separates ES II is Bruce Brown's narrative (reminiscent of ES), the characters, and how this movie flows.  There is enough non-surf events going off that it stays fresh from start to finish.  Add this one to the collection, and hope that the formats don't change too soon.
 I've made it a personal tradition to watch this movie during spring break each year throughout high school.  It always gets me excited about summer.  I HIGHLY recommend this film for anybody who loves to travel to new places.  The guys in this film have the opportunity to go to several exotic places that most people wouldn't even consider for vacationing.  But each place has its own charm and appeal, and the surfers are able to have a blast wherever they end up.  Great film all around.  Awesome surfers, awesome waves, awesome producer.  Simple as that.
 Simply the most classic surf video ever!  Certainly a "must have for any respectful surfer
 this is perhaps the greatest surfing documentary of all time. i thought no one could top the endless summer I, but clearly i was wrong.
 If you enjoyed Endless summer I then this is a must. This movie  captures the atmosphere of the surf scene and makes you want to just get out there and go for it. The steps of the Endless summer I characters are retraced and new exciting locations visited and surfed. A healthy dose of humour is thrown in as well
 The sequel to  The Endless Summer  has much better surf footage than the original and I think that the soundtrack is a tad better than the first as well...but both movies are excellent...makes you wonder when they will do  The Endless Summer 3  !!! Take me along for the third installment !
 I rented this video for my 13 and 15 year old sons and their friends everyday for an entire summer! I kept thinking, "this is the last time they'll want to see it NOT SO! I could have saved a bundle if I'd just purchased it the first day. I made a joke about putting it on a loop so it would never go off. I did not tire of having it on because the music is pleasant, the narration smooth, charactors likable and the scenery & surfing breathtaking. We've since purchased a couple of copies each of Endless Summer 1 and 2 (along with movie posters). The boys are 16 and 19 now and we still love the videos. One son took a special detour to Biaritz France, just to see where they surfed.
 Endless Summer II is without a doubt the best movie I have ever seen! If you are into surfing, or even if your not, CHECK THIS MOVIE OUT! It is well worth your time and is the best surfing movie ever. I have been surfing for four years and this movie perfectly conveys the emotions, sights and sounds of surfing. Excellent sound and music, A+ cinematography, some of the best scenery caught on a surfing movie ever, and some of the most influential surfers in the world such as Pat O'Connel and Robert Weaver ever to grace a surfing movie, make this movie a definate keeper.  Bottom Line
 No other surf video has caught the soul of surfing like ES II!  Of course it has unbelievable surf footage...it also has unbelievable surfers...then you add in the adventure of an around the world trip...but the thing that makes this movie special is it captures the passion that we as surfers have for the awesome power and majesty of the ocean.  Any video can show some nifty moves that the beachcomber would be blown away by...but here for all to see is unveiled a small glimpse into the unique world of the surfer.  Here, unveiled, is a peek at what drives each one of us to paddle back out to the break, day after day, and what makes surfing the most spectacular, addicting, adrenaline pumping sport in the world!  Anyone from a 3 decade veteran to a Kansas farmer will enjoy this landmark movie. ES II follows 2 surfers from cali as they make their quest for the endless summer around the world.  Along the way they visit costa rica, france, africa, australia, and s.pacific.  Their are huge days at jaws in Hawaii, cold days in Alaska, never ending waves at jeffries in S.Africa...all topped off by a bear encounter, a croc chase, and some class 5 rapids.  If you want adventure than this is your movie.  If you want beautiful photography than once again this is for you.  Great movie!  Don't miss it!
 This is a very good movie with some excellent surfing footage with both long and short boards. The movie does a great job of capturing the same feeling of the original 1964 movie with a more modern updated feel. I really appreciated the shortboard footage in this movie along with the humorous narration. This movie is a must-own if you are a surfer or anyone that appreciates the soul and art of the sport.
 If you are a surfer who is stoked to see some great surfers riding the best waves in the world, this movie is made for you.
 This is the coolest movie that I have seen in a long time. I saw it about 2 years ago and I still think that it is my favorite movie of all time.  Even if you don't surf it is a fun movie to watch. It had great camera shot  and humor. The parts in Australia are the best in my opinion. I lve the  seen with the smallest wave too.
 The Good, The Bad &amp; The Ugly.  The good is the all that is surfing, which this movie is all about.  The bad  is Hollywood's corporate stranglehold on creativity.  The ugly is all those  amateur movie  reviewers, myself included.  However, most don't know the true (behind the  scenes)  production and post-production struggles between the surfers  involved in the project and the funding &amp; distribution company, which  suffocated many talents. There was some pain involved. Yet despite all the  struggles, an incredible and entertaining 35mm surf documnetary was made,  and should be seen all.
 If you surf, or want to surf, or just like the ocean, then get this video. Great footage of some awesome waves(breaks) and also a KILLER sountrack as well. Gary Hoey and Dick Dale. Cant go wrong with that! I just wish they  would release it on DVD now....
 The video show some of the best  surfers and breaks ever.  The footage is great.  Some of the best surf in the world.
 I would have to disagree that this is better than the original. I'm not saying that it is bad, because that would be blasphemy, but the orginal still remains my favorite.
 One of my fav Chris Walken movies, Communion. Not a typical sci-fi or alien movie by any means but the kind I like. Based on supposed true alien encounters, but not promising to be real as the case with this new crap like The Fourth Kind. One of the last true great alien films of the 80s/90s era. The only other alien film I really enjoy besides this one is Fire In The Sky which goes along similar lines as this film. The story of a man who is abducted by aliens but hasn't realized/come to terms with it until he uncovers this truth in psycho analysis. A true wonder and definitely a defining role for Chris Walken.
 Communion is a terrifically atmospheric sci-fi that scared the wits out of me. I found the scene in the woods with the lights to be all too familiar. I heard that Walken was and is a total non-believer. He's sure a great actor. When he was scared trick or treating I jumped out of my skin. Needless to say, I highly recommended this alien abduction movie that's based on the alleged true recollections of Whitley Strieber. Watch it and see if it rings any bells.
 The movie closely follows the book some say its a hoax a lie or imagination.I say lets find out great story 80's dated style but an overall bizarre account
 What an absolutely thought-provoking movie... period. Whitley Strieber's euphoric experiences shapes our lives in ways that we could never have imagined. Movies are almost always difficult to be made and expressed in the same way as are books, but the awesome Christopher Walken pieces it together in the most brilliant way. His acting is superb. To see Christopher Walken portray the full range of emotions that overtakes an abductee such as Whitley Striber is to see his greatest acting skills ever! Make no doubt about it, Communion brings forth to the attention of everybody watching it, the fundamental questions of life that we have all been looking for.
 This is a movie about the true abduction experience of Whitley Strieber and his family at his upstate New York cabin. This is a really good dramatization of his experiences. Anyone interested in the subject of UFOs should have a copy in his collection. Highly Recommended!
 This was a great movie; and introduced the dynamic acting of Christopher Walken to me.  It also scared the you-know-what out of me.  I must have seen this movie a dozen times and still get scared each time.  If you've ever had even a remotely similar experience as what is depicted in this movie, you'll be leaving the lights on at bedtime guaranteed.
 I love this movie. Yes it is definitely a B-movie, but as a B-movie I think it's one of the great ones.  It comes from the era when Mad Max and the Road Warrior were all the rage and so has the same "lost in a decaying forbidden zone kind of feel.  After trying to be a serious actor and starring in things like the TV mini-series "Rich Man, Poor Man", Peter Strauss' career obviously stalled, as by 1983 he was reduced to starring in B-grade fare like this. And Molly Ringwald, fresh from "The Facts of Life and prior to her becoming the 80s teen movie queen, has never been more annoying -- which is just what the script called for her to be
 Yes, that's right
 This movie freaking rules. When I was a kid it was on every time I was sick home from school, on public TV, at about noon. It was very consistent. I TRUST THIS MOVIE. Buy it. It will always be there for you in times of need and is perfect with soup and kleenex and a couch.
 The movie has a good story line.  The actors do a great job.  Special effect (for 1983) are good.  I saw this when it came out in theaters.  This was the first movie I watched with Molly Ringwald and became an instant fan.  I am glad I added it to my collection.
 Eureka!  I have had a VHS tape of this classic sci-fi movie for a long time.  I've been a sci-fi fan my whole life.  I'm also a long time fan of Peter Strauss.  So how could I not love this movie!!  I was ecstatic when I stumbled over the DVD while going through Amazon recommendations for my profile.  I didn't even have to think twice.  Even though some may considered it a B-movie I love watching it.  I can finally retire my VHS tape!  If you like good clean fun, action and adventure and a bit of sci-fi to boot, you'll enjoy this movie!
 This was the first movie I ever saw with Molly Ringwold.  I knew she was something special by this movie.  It's a good movie if you like Science Fiction.
 I first owned this flic on VHS tape when it first came out. I loved it! I played it many times till one of my relatives hi-graded it and destroyed it in his poorly maintained VCR. When I tryed to find another copy I couldn't; so sad. At last, Amazon, and I'm happy again! For fast paced total entertanment that doesn't require much heavy thinking this cant be beat.
 Picture a Tough-hard as nails space captain who owes more money than there is in Fort Knox...  Pay every one off, easy-just rescue three hot women from a forbidden world.  Who can he call on for help, a money hungry space-cop, a hot robot bombshell, a junker space ship that's just spare parts flying in formation, and a young survivor girl.  If you enjoy fighting mutants, rescuing damsels in distress and good one liners, here's your movie.
 This is one of my favorite movies.  I watched this way back, and I later bought the tape when the price was $25 and considered it a great value.  I still watch that movie once in a while.  It's high adventure and an all together great movie.
 After not expecting movies like  Krull  on DVD, here comes more good news.  Spacehunter  is coming to DVD on December 4! (Same day as the first Babylon 5 disc) Spacehunter will get the basic Columbia/Tristar DVD treatment
 I can't believe some of these jobs they have in the military!  Very cool  -- and dangerous stuff!  Great video!
 The picture quality is photographic and now I can hear the birds chirping at the start of Commando... bliss! Having to rent these classic movies in VHS format has hindered my full appreciation of their outstanding quality. For those like myself who are too young to have seen them on the big screen, watching Commando is a new and delightful experience. Although I am not a huge fan of violent movies, I can assure you that Commando is one of the best 'comedies' of all time with almost enough memorable quotes to rival Fawlty Towers! Running Man is my favorite of this collection only surpassed by True Lies as my favorite Arnie. And with the inclusion of Predator and Total Recall, none of the titles are 'fillers' (unlike other collections), these are all blockbusters. You'll love Commando for the commedy, Running Man for the action, Total Recall for the sci-fi, and Predator for the adrenaline rush. Other great features include
 action, Action, ACTION, and... Yes, thats right, more hard-hitting action. Arnie really knows what his audience wants. I will now review each film individually.  TOTAL RECALL. With perfect doses of Action, Sci-fi and  Special Effects, this film is a near perfect Action/Sci-fi. Arnie acting is  at its best and the supporting cast (including Sharon Stone and Ronny Cox)  are all very believable. 5 STARS. PREDATOR. Another Perfect Action/Sci-fi  (what would you expect from the director of Die Hard) Everything in it  (the Music, the cast, the sets) all combine to give the film a certain feel  (like in the alien films) The sction and violence comes hard and fast and  the special effects (by the Brilliant Stan Winston) are State-of-the-art. 5  STARS. THE RUNNING MAN. A chilling view of the world to come. Arnold is  back (as he promised to be) and in one of his most violent and exciting  movies. The bad guys are also some of the toughest Arnie has faced,  (Sub-zero and Buzz-saw to name two) and the sets are frighteningly  realistic. Might be a bit rough for some. (as with all of these movies) 5  STARS. COMMANDO. If Rambo had a Daughter, he would be Commando. This has to  have one of the highest body counts of any American Movies. Non-stop Action  and Laughs. (the laughs come from the classic lines Arnie gives, EG. When  he drops a man off a cliff and says  I let him go .)5 STARS.
 An exellent DVD, featuring all the great players of past and present, full of highlights interviews and exellent story line, describing each of an ultimate player's skill, like scoring, speed, mentality, etc. Exellent music to go with the story, and the final highlight featuring michael jordan could'nt be better (even thou I'm a Laker Fan), wich made me also order ultimate jordan eventualy.
 Talking about music, would anybody be expert (and kind) enought to help me on that 
 I got the product faster than I expected. I am very pleased with the whole process.
 While this is not your typical romance, it is in fact the differences that make this a true masterpiece. The movie starts with Roberts having a meal with her good friend and editor George. (George happens to be gay.) It is interesting that George is not ashamed of being gay, but he doesn't scream it from the rooftops either. He is to be the voice of reason in this comedy of mishaps.  Roberts is happy to get a call from her former romantic partner Michael. But this soon turns to panic when she realizes that he is marrying Kimmy. (Roberts is getting an invitation to the wedding.) George tries to calm roberts down, but to no avail. She is determined to break the wedding. Whether we are routing for Roberts or find her actions cruel, somehow we get the impression that she is fighting a doomed uphill battle.  We meet Kimmy, and we have no reason to doubt that they are a proper match. To be sure, there is one weak point that Roberts finds and exploits, but let's be fair. What relationship doesn't have some weak point?  Roberts realizes that her plans have backfired, and she desperately calls George for help. George tries to be a friend to Roberts, but his patience wears down when he sees her new plan. (Pretending she is engaged to George to make Michael jealous.) While George plays along, it is clear that he has had it with this whole thing. He nails the crux of the matter when he says
 My Best Friend's Wedding is probably Julia Roberts best romantic comedy, even better than Pretty Woman. Dermont Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupert Everett also star in this tale of a food critic played by Roberts who is invited to intend her best friend's upcoming nupitals, but the thing is she is in love with her best friend and tries everything in her power to break up the wedding. I won't give away the ending but this is actually a good and solid romantic comedy and I think everyone who decides to watch will throughly enjoy it. Good luck!
 I enjoyed this deliteful romantic comedy.I am not much of a Julia Roberts fan But I enjoyed her in this movie.
 I hold this movie close to my heart, why you may ask? Because I was going thru the same thing Julia Roberts was going thru in this movie. I was in love with someone who did not belong to me. It was a hot affair 10 years ago that ended disastrously, and I ended up the loser at the end. The lesson here is, Life Goes ON. Julia's performance was so true and honest, she always steals my heart. Great movie!
 Thanks for getting this DVD to me while I am stationed over seas.
 One of my favorite Roberts movies, and just the way I like her
 This movie was excellent.  It had comedy, love, and sad moments.  And it when totally against what I expected to happen!!  I am ashamed to say that I wanted the main guy to dump Cameron!!   All in all, a great film.  I don't own it, but I just might buy it.
 Lovely girls, handsome men, humorous, beautiful and romantic story. I do enjoy watching this movie. I like George's dialogue a lot (not because he is gay!). But I am curious about one thing and feel not so right about another. Why Michael is so attractive to those two girls? This is an unexplained point in this movie. Of course we don't need to say everything in a movie, but just from my impression of THIS man in THIS movie, I don't feel that he has more charm than any other man on this planet. While I feel George really has some charisma
 How can someone fail to love Julia Roberts in this movie?!! It is a light romantic commedy of a woman got driven by her buried emotions. She tries everything to get her lover back before he gets married... although Julia Roberts becomes evil but you can never hate her because you feel for her and you see how she trembles down! She's face to face with her lover and his sweet bride whom she have no excuse to hate except that she's marrying her lover! An internal conflict, an emotional contradiction... and a love burning her down! Oh Julia Roberts facial expressions are so touchy. In this movie you LAUGH, CRY and will enjoy it again and again!
 After a five-years Break (!!!) Julia Roberts is back! Cooler, sexier, funnier and better than ever! Julia Roberts has 5 days to get to New York, to destroy a relationship and to fall in love with the man she always loved! Does it this sound easy to you?! Well it isn't and Jules has a lot of work to do... So sit back and enjoy this review of... My Best Friend's Wedding
 This movie showcases two super talents. One being Julia Roberts and other, Rupert Everett. Surprised.. don't be.. just look out for  George  and you will know why I have been talking about Mr.Everett rather than  concentrating on praising Ms Roberts sky-high. Julia Roberts does a  brilliant job of a girl who is on the brink of falling in love(with Dermot  Mulroney) and realises it a tad too late. And then Ms. Roberts does  everything to mess up things between Dermot and Ms Diaz.  This movie is  definitely going to steal a smile from your countenance and make you giggle  like a 16-year old.  Ms Roberts enacts the role of a   desparado  with a finesse incomparable. The surprise package of  the movie is Rupert Everett in a role of Julia's Editor. He is  outstandingly funny and stylish, especially in the last scene. Of the  others, the less said the better. Dermot Mulroney is as stone faced as a  stone-aged caveman. Diaz is screechingly irritating but endearing in some  scenes. All in all, a movie that will tickle the funny bone in you.
 This movie kicks butt!  I only wish I had two friends like Micheal and George!  You can't help but smile at this movie.  The songs are awesome too-especially their own rendition of  I say a little prayer for  you .  Rupert Everett steals every scene he's in and will completly  steal your heart. You should definetly see this.
 So what if this movie doesn't have the most plausible plot! It's not supposed to. When people ask me what my favorite movie is, I tell them this one without a second's hesitation. I think I saw it 7 times at the theater.  It reminds you of the first time you told somebody you liked them and how  nervous you were. I do like the ending because it brings the movie back to  reality. You don't always win. To anyone who likes this movie, I would  suggest seeing  Fools Rush In  and  Return to Me. 
 First of all...I loved it! Talk about a film that anyone willenjoy, this is it. For those close-minded movie-goers who think thatthis film is just for  women-only  or that you should go see it  just to please your significant other , then you are completely wrong.  You will like, if not love this film. The humor is funny, the acting superb, and story believable. Julia Roberts and Dermot Mulroney are excellent as  best friends  and Rupert Everett's character will make you laugh out loud.  Anyone who has ever had a member of the opposite sex for a best friend will find that this movie hits a nerve...or should I say  funny bone . It really is like banging your elbow on a chair arm and everyone around you begins to laugh, and then you begin to laugh, but deep down inside you are saying  gosh darn it (or something similar) that really hurt .  If you think the film is going to be predictable...then think again...there are enough twists and turns to keep you guessing on the outcome. The film would be excellent for all ages.  Bottom line...call up your  ex, old or current, opposite-sex best friend , get together, go see this movie, and throughout it you can jab each other in the side and say  yep, that's something you would do ....and afterwards, you will walk away and know why you could never have married each other...for it could have ruined a  wonderful friendship .  END
 It has Julia Roberts...nothing else needs to be said. Buy it!
 THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC....IT HAS LINES THAT HAVE YOU REPEATING OVER AND OVER AGAIN....MY DAUGHTER AND I LOVE WATCHING THIS MOVIE TOGETHER...ITS A NICE FAMILY MOVIE.
 I don't understand all the fuss about Julia Roberts, she doesn't play very well and she isn't even good looking! Cameron Diaz instead is magnificiant in her role, she's totaly convincing and really beautiful. This movie deserves 5 stars mainly because she's in it. The story is quite good, it's funny at times. If you want some entertainement or you want to see Cameron Diaz, buy this movie.
 MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDDING is a hilarious romantic-comedy. Julia Roberts is truly at her best in this film as Julianne, a food critic who's long-time childhood best friend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) is getting married to some other woman, just when Julianne starts to have feelings for him! The woman Michael is marrying is Kimberly (Cameron Diaz), a college student with a fillthy-rich father. Julianne is hopelessly in love with Michael, so to get Michael back, Julianne must find a way to stop the wedding and make Michael fall in love with Julianne herself! She gets her partner and friend, George (Rupert Everett), to help her win over Michael. The ending is actually surprising, because you'd think Julianne wins back Michael, but she actually doesn't. So it is good to see the protagonist in a film to not get what they want in the end, but can still have a happy ending. The whole cast is absolutely superb! And one of my favorite scenes is when Julianne and George pretend that they just got engaged (George is really gay), and while meeting Kimberly's family for dinner and they ask how George proposed to Julianne, George starts singing the song "I Say A Little Prayer", and then everyone else in the cast starts joining in, except for Julianne and Michael. It's a very funny movie with a witty script. If you have not yet seen MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING, then what are you waiting for? But definitely get the special edition DVD for this movie because it's better than the other DVD. I just love MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING! Great date movie, too. A must see.
 I have always been a fan of Julia Roberts and the movies she stars in - her smile is infectious, it lights up the screen. In 1997, she made a comeback with a starring role in the romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding. The film went on to become one of the most successful girly movies of the whole decade, and after watching it earlier tonight on TV, it's not hard to see why. It still holds up seven years later. The comedy is fresh, funky and slick. The plot is nothing original, but it holds up brilliantly because of the film's four main stars. You have Julia Roberts, of course, who is no doubt a future Hollywood legend. Then there's Cameron Diaz in one of her best film roles - not quite topping her sexual cameo in The Mask three years earlier, but still bringing much humour to her role. Rupert Everett and Dermot Mulroney are the two main male actors and also do their roles justice.  Julia Roberts plays Julianne Potter, a fast-talking confident Chicago food critic who used to date Michael O'Neal (Dermot Mulroney) in their college days. They since broke up after nine years and moved apart. They made a pact, however, that if by the age of 28 they both were not married, then they would marry each other. When Julianne receives a call from Michael three weeks before that pact deadline, she assumes he is ringing to get back with her. However, Michael is calling to introduce Julianne to his seemingly wonderful, irritatingly perfect fiancee Kimberly Wallace (Cameron Diaz) and announce their wedding which is taking place in just three days. That leaves Julianne three short days to break up the marriage and win back the man she has only just realised she loved all along. She will either win or lose - that's the conclusion. Ronald Bass' perfectly-constructed screenplay keeps the viewer on the edge, forever guessing if she will win her battle. Julianne's gay friend George Downes (Rupert Everett) agrees to help her, but only to a certain extent, and he is a hilarious asset to the comedic intentions put forth by the writers of the film.  The film's plot seems at times far-fetched, and it is, but this is a light-hearted, romantic comedy with many clich&eacute;s built in for good measure! The comedy is spot-on - there aren't many laugh out loud moments, but more of a continual giggle-fest that will have you smiling for most of the film. Julia Roberts is a certain crowd-puller. People from all over the world will flock to see her movies, and this one was exception. Cameron Diaz was half the superstar in this film that she is today, and her glowing smile and charasmatic confidence shines through in her ditzy role. Rupert Everett reminds me of Hugh Grant in this film, which can be no bad thing!  The film has many memobrable scenes, including Kimberely's hilarious karoke nightclub performance of "I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself. The restaurant hilarity of the group's performance of Dianne Warwick's "I Say A Little Prayer is also perfectly executed, with only professional directors pulling it off - amateurs could have easily messed it up big time. The big city bread truck chase is hilarious, and the film has many touching moments. Julianne's constantly foiled attempts to sabotage the impending wedding are brilliant too
 MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING is a fun romantic comedy that stars Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, Rupert Evert and Dermot Mulroney. The story involves Juliette (Julia Roberts), a food critic who realizes she loves her best friend Michael (Dermot Mulroney). Juliette finds out that Michael is getting married and decides to go to stop the wedding from happening, and to try to win him back. From the get go, Juliette is scheming to put a wedge between Michael and his fianc&eacute; Kimmy (Cameron Diaz). Her plans are often foiled and ultimately in the end, in a poignant moment, her friend George (Rupert Everett) asks her if she is chasing Michael and he is chasing Kimmy, who is chasing her?  There are some real fun moments in the movie, like when Juliette pretends she is engaged to her gay friend in order to make Michael jealous. They end up singing "Say A Little Prayer at breakfast. The movie is enriched by a great cast who have chemistry. Julia Roberts convincingly plays Juliette, who should be the enemy, but you end up rooting for her even through her hatched plans. Overall a fun romantic comedy fans of the genre should love.
 Before seeing this movie I wasn't much of a Julia Roberts fan. But now I am! I thought she played an excellent part. As well as the other characters. In the beginning I predicted what I thought was going to happen. I was completely wrong! That's one reason why I liked it so much. I also liked how the suspense kept you in the movie. Like what she was going to next and if she would ever get Michael. I also liked the part at the restaurant where they sing  I'll Say a Little Prayer for you .
 this is the best movie i have ever seen! it makes me cry just thinking about it... i really recomend buying this movie cause its da bomb.. no seriously! if your the kind of person that loves to cry and loves sad  movies.. this is the movie for you! although this movie is suposed to be a  comedy it is also very sad.. even if i watch it twice in a row it still  makes me cry cause i feel so sorry for Julia Roberts... 
 I have to admit that this is one of my favorite movies. It is an absolutely hilarious, romantic comedy. The story was based on an interesting love triangle composed of Julianne (Julia Roberts), Michael (Dermot Mulroney) and Kimberly (Cameron Diaz).  Julianne and Michael have been great friends forever.  They even dated and made a pact to marry (if neither found someone years later).  At the beginning of the movie, Michael calls Julianne to inform and invite her to his wedding.  Immediately, Julianne becomes overwhelmed with jealousy and plans to break up the happy couple.  Michael and Kimberly completely trust Julianne and do not suspect her plan.  In fact, Julianne's meddling seems to make the couple's relationship even stronger.  Kimberly seems to be the perfect fiance in every way. She is willing to do whatever it takes to make her man happy even if she has to sacrifice her own happiness. She also seems to be very naive because she never really knew what her fiance's best friend was up to until the end of the movie. (I guess that is the whole point of the movie.) The dialogue was good and full of laughs.  If you liked Notting Hill or Runaway Bride, you will love this movie. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who likes romantic comedies or is getting married in the near future.
 julia roberts is not good at all,but diaz is perfect even if her musical skills are not revealed. the story is funny, so buy this movie
 1997 couldnt of happened without this movie!!! funny!! Julia Roberts and Camron Diaz are great in this film!!! Must have!! I cant believe its almost 10 years since it came out. Feels like yesterday when i first saw it.
 I received the item in perfect condition and the shipping was qucik, as well.  Thank you!
 This is one of my favorite movies.I've watched it over and over again 'coz I was captivated by the story and cast. I really loved this flick,it's really hilarious,and cute!  Julia looks great in the movie,and she truly  did a good job.This is the kind of movie that makes you laugh and gets you  thinking  what you really want,and who you are.Go watch it!
 This is my daughter's all-time favorite movie and has been on her wish list since she started it. I was happy to FINALLY get a copy for her. It arrived in excellent condition and very promptly. The seller was great and my daughter has already selected her charmingly handsome gay escort should her "best friend-boy marry.
 IT'S JUST A GREAT MOVIE....SHOWS US THE FOIBLES OF LIFE AND HOW EVERYTHING GOES OUT THE WINDOW WHEN MR. RIGHT COMES ALONG.  JULIA ROBERTS IS PERFECT IN THIS ROLE AND DERMOT MULRONEY CAN HOLD HIS OWN ON SCREEN WITH HER. LOVE CAMERON DIAZ AS THE 'OTHER WOMAN'.  PATS ON THE BACK FOR THE CAST SELECTIONS HERE, NOBODY PLAYS A BAD PART.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED I HAVE VIEWED IT MANY TIMES AND I WILL WATCH IT MANY MORE TIMES IN THE FUTURE.
 This is a really good romantic movie. I love Rupert in this movie. And I am so glad that Julia's character failed to break up her best friend's wedding. I also thought Cameron Diaz was good. The ending is simply the best.
 I just find this an absolutely delightful film. It's very well cast and although the storyline goes from the sublime to the ridiculous, it's still manages to keep you entertained.
 I love this movie!! One of my all time favorite movies with a bitter sweet ending so to speak. I love all the actresses/actors that are in it, they did a great job!!
 Julia Robert is a friend to a guy who is about to get married. There's one problem she loves him, she tries to break up the wedding. And in the process she figures out that he's truly in love with her. At the end the wedding was a success, and Julia falls for a different guy at the reception. I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars!!
 I just love it!  It's a romantic comedy which was enjoyable to watch and would watch it again and again!  I love the humor and some singing done in the movie.
 This is a kind-of real-life romantic comedy.  There is much criticism about the ending, but it's how real life turns out.  Julianne's (Roberts) fight to get her man is not necessarily reflective of true life--which is not a bad thing--but it's hilarious.  I recommend this movie if you want to cry and laugh in the same two hours.
 Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) has everything that is required to be a romantic comedy heroine - wild hair, a huge smile, a gay best friend (Rupert Everett) and a dilemma in her love life. Her best friend/ex-boyfriend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) has just called her out of the blue, leaving a message on her answermachine telling her to call him - urgently.  Julianne remembers that years ago, she and Michael vowed to marry each other if they were both still single at 28. She's going to turn 28, and leaps to a happy conclusion. However, on returning his call, he drops the bombshell - he's getting married to somebody else. This weekend. Well, what's a girl to do? Armed with her afore-mentioned gay best friend, George, Julianne sets off to Chicago to see what she can do about breaking up the couple and securing Michael for herself.  His fianc&eacute;e, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz) is 20 years old and Barbie doll perfect. She doesn't even have a tiny flaw that Julianne can use against her. She is extra-super-nice to Julianne, giving her the position of Maid Of Honour within half an hour of meeting her and bringing all the defences down to admit to her that she is jealous of her relationship with Michael.  Julianne is ruthless. She'll do whatever it takes to get Michael back - and she does a lot of it. She tries to embarrass Kimmy at a karaoke bar, but despite a terrible singing voice Kimmy has chutzpah and wins the audience around. In a bid to make Michael jealous, she convinces George to pose as her husband which he does with pizzazz (describing their first meeting, he muses wistfully, "I knew we'd end up like this - like some glittering Doris Day-Rock Hudson extravaganza"). And finally she writes a nasty email to Michael's boss, supposedly from Kimmy's father. This is the turning point of the movie. Up until now we have seen Julianne as the heroine and Kimmy as the foe who must be obliterated at all costs. And this is perhaps where we realise that maybe this isn't just another run-of-the-mill romantic comedy. But now, maybe we don't want Julianne to win any more. Maybe, just maybe, sweet Kimmy should be the one to end up with Michael. It's not so clear-cut now, and the script keeps us guessing until the end. Roberts gives a great performance here, making Julianne sympathetic even when we don't like her very much. She doesn't have much chemistry with Mulroney as Michael, but then nor does Diaz; perhaps this is the point of the movie. However it is Rupert Everett who manages to steal almost every scene he is in. It's very enjoyable, and slightly black - but only if you want to see that side of it. One to watch.
 MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is definitely my favorite wedding film. With an all-star cast including Julia Roberts, Dermot Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupertt Everett, it makes this film even more worth-watching. Julianne (Roberts) is a food critic who soon realizes she loves her best friend, Michael (Mulroney), the day he decides to marry Kim, a perky blonde from a very wealthy family (Diaz). Determinded to win him back, Julianne will do anything to break up the couple's wedding - and she only has four days, with the help of her... friend, George (Everett). Every scheme to win Michael back is, of course, hilarious. MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is an excellent, feel-good romantic comedy about one who finds true love for the right person at the wrong time. Will Julianne win Michael? You'll have to see this to learn the answer! But it's actually very surprising at the end. This film is very original, too. This film is definitely worth watching!
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It's very sweet from beginning to end.  Julia Roberts plays Juliana, a former tomboy who finds out her best friend Michael (Dermott Mulroony) is getting married to a  younger woman, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Juliana then realizes she's in love  with Michael and tries to stop the wedding.  It's a fun movie with romance  mixed with comedy.  It reallymakes you cry at the end.  If you like Notting  Hill, you'll love this too!
 This is a great movie. I enjoy watching My Best Friends Wedding every time. I specially love the beginning when the four girls are singing a song and doing a little dance. Sometimes I will rewind that part a few times before watching the movie.
 Julia Roberts does a great job of playing the bad guy and then redeeming herself. Cameron Diaz is great as well. If you're willing to take this for what it is then you will have a lot of fun watching this and be vastly entertained. This movie is 20 years old and it has aged very well. P.S. There are some musical interludes which made me smile.
 I absolutely love this movie. Julia is adorable in it, and her character is really enjoyable (although the whole food critic thing was just a plot device to allow her to slip away to Chicago for a few days). Mulroney is sexy as hell, and the gay best friend is the end all be all to gay best friends. The ending makes me cry every time to this day (along with the boat ride where she almost tells him she loves him), and it makes you just want everyone to find someone to love and be with and to enjoy life with. Buy this, and watch it over and over when you need a pick me up. It is very funny (especially the "Say a Little Prayer scene), and a great time!!!
 This movie is great. I have watched it several times. The acting is great and there is alot of fun to be had.
 I have to agree with the analysis of a recent reviewer who points out the self-centeredness of the lead characters in this Chicago-based tale.  Food critic Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) and sports broadcaster, Michael O'Neil(Dermot Mulroney)had promised while in college that they would marry each other if neither had married before they were 28, which right there makes love seem like a game where they are concerned.  But three weeks before Julianne is to turn 28, Michael announces his engagement to a 20-year-old college student named Kimberly Wallace(the always sunny Cameron Diaz), much to Julianne's dismay, and realizing her own feelings for Michael, tries to sabotage the impending nuptials--a scenario which, with the skillful writing of Ronald Bass and the skillful direction of P.J. Hogan becomes one of humor and pathos, rather than just one of completely outright meanness and manipulation.  Kimberly embraces Julianne, and after knowing her only a few minutes, makes her her Maid of Honor, a role she pretends to play while trying to create friction between the couple, using various methods,and lastly employing her gay friend, George Downes(Rupert Everett)to pose as her fiance, hoping to make Michael jealous.   Much of this film's entertainment value comes from the well-chosen cast. Philip Bosco and Susan Sullivan portray the bride's dignified parents Walter and Isabelle Wallace,Rachel Griffiths and Carrie Preston are Samantha and Mandy Newhouse, like-dressing characters from the South, who will also serve as bridesmaids, Chris Masterson as the Best Man-to-be is a fairly shy, and awkward youth, although, along with a few peer group members, he gives one of the most amusing scenes in the movie, which involves helium,Paul Giamatti plays Richard, an empathetic bellman, Harry Shearer plays Jonathan P.F. Ritt, and M. Emmett Walsh plays Joe O'Neal.  More delightful moments occur during an outing at a seafood restaraunt, where, while conjuring up a story behind their fake engagement, George leads everyone in singing Dionne Warwick's "I Say a Little Prayer", and when one of the bridesmaids gets her tongue stuck on an ice sculpture.   Things come to a head when Julianne follows George's advice and finally reveals her true feelings as Kimberly stumbles upon the scene, and a viewer can only hope for some just resolution.   For me, this film has called to mind the lyrics of a 1958 song by Don Cornell called "Play Some Music for Broken Hearts", in which the final stanza is
 The item that i ordered got here in record speed! I was really happy to see it came so fast.  The DvD that I had purchased was in amazing condition, no scratches, like new!
 I've been watching films since the 1950's, so my opinion should count for something. James Felix McKenney (Director) has come a long way. In this film you can see he has learned one of the most important lessons in film-making
 Being a big time horror fan and a diehard collector I love this movie alot, the acting and special effects were right on point. You encounter a lake monster in the dead winter was a brilliant idea and concept, the monster effects was hands down freaking awesome and unique. Hypothermia is a downright horror/science fiction monster you must have in your collection of monster films. Having this film in my horror collection is truly a honor, hats off to MPI Media Group, Glass Eye Pix and Dark Sky Films for bringing and distributing this film to horror fans like myself who live and breathe horror films. Hypothermia gets 2 thumps, a perfection 10 and 5 stars...HYPOTHERMIA KICKS MAJOR BUTT IN THE GENRE OF MONSTER/HORROR FILMS
 This excellent multinational production of the Mahabharata feels almost Shakespeaerean at times - the language so eloquent and poetic, the themes so profound and universal, the action so epic.  Truly great literature brought to film. Briefly, the Mahabharata is a tale of two rival sets of brothers, cousins to eachother, each born into royalty and with divinely guided paths in life.  The result, however, is a great war, death, destruction, but a final glimmer of light preserved.  Vishnu after Shiva. . Peter Brook's five-hour version of the Mahabharata is theatrical, philosophical, spare, poetic.  It is rendered in gentle, nearly monochromatic hues and with often silent backgrounds, interspersed with periods of hauntingly beautiful music. The actors are gifted, if a bit too grand and mythic in their presentation.  As in the written versions, the characters motives are seen to be, in turns, grounded and human, and unearthly and enlightened. Such a powerful mix, and such a penetrating vision of life -- all from over three thousand years ago! I highly recommend this film, anbd the special features of the DVD make it that much more valuable.
 I too grew up hearing stories of the Mahabharata and watched this adaptation on the BBC a few years back.  This is theatre at its best, and it truly captures the essence of the Mahabharata.  The stories and concepts are all covered, but those who are expecting an all Indian cast wearing traditional garb will be sorely disappointed.  Hinduism is a way of life, a faith of choice and plurality.  These ideas are reinforced with a multicultural cast.  When I first heard that it was not an all Indian cast, my expectations for the play dropped dramatically, but I can assure you, what Peter Brook has done is astonishing.  I look forward to watching this with my children, though after they have been inundated with bedtime stories from the Mahabharata.
 Years ago I watched this on television and later video.  I was blown away by the depth of the material and the performances of the cast.  This is definitely no hollywood production but it is great theatre.  I emphasize that it is just that - theatre.  I have since read the original Indian texts (translated) and it took me many months, the writing was complicated and it took me ages just to identify with the names (sorry but I have a Western upbringing).  Once I got over this it is fair to say that the intricacies and subtleties of the full story are completely lost from Peter Brooks work. Completely!  This is probably why so many people who are familiar with the text are so unhappy with this version.  Chopra's - very long (but well priced and a great series) - interpretation is far more faithful but lacks, in my opinion, the intensity that is present in Brook's work.  Chopra's version whilst being far more faithful is also clearly aimed at Indian TV audiences (e.g., there are filler scenes that breakup the momentum of the story) also the audio quality on my DVDs and subtitling is poor.  I have since watched Brook's version many times and decided it is not really a story about the Mahabharata at all (it seems very different now) but nevertheless carries a story of its own (perhaps more of Brook's story) but its real strength is its ability to enthrall with very little else but strong characters and a few props.... that is just great theatre in my mind!  But it would be a mistake to take a 5 hour interpretation of the text as faithful - especially since Chopra took 94 episodes to do the same (which still misses some things in the text - I definitely recommend Chopra's version - definitely good value and conceptually much deeper than Brook's version).  But the names are the same and Brooks version gives a taster to the wisdom of the text.  I love Brook's (and strongly recommend it) version as a theatrical work but now believe it should never have been called the Mahabharata.
 My wise cousin told me to watch this film before I come to visit her in India, and how right she was. The story of the  Mahabharata  permeates Hindu culture in much the same way the Bible has formed Western consciousness. But such a story! The basic tale is of a feud between two branches of a family, rulers, sons of gods but all too human. Having no prior knowledge of this great epic I found it a bit confusing at first, a lot of background is related in a brief beginning, the multi-national, multi-racial cast led to a little confusion among characters. But the story line quickly develops as the legitimate heir loses his kingdom to the other branch of the family in a crooked dice game. The tension builds as Yudhishthira gambles inexorably for higher and higher stakes, finally losing his brothers and beloved wife. He is offered one final chance to redeem all or escape, and agrees to throw the dice one more time against his brothers' advice, and loses. His reason-- I had to give the cheaters one more chance to save themselves.  This is the first of many very complicated moral dilemmas presented, but there are no easy answers here. Is it permissible to lie to avoid a greater harm? Is cheating in a fight wrong, even if your opponent is guilty of many wrongs against you? At first it seemed that there were good guys and bad guys in this story, a notion sometimes reinforced in imagery, such as in the chariot fight between Karna and Arjuna, with black and white horses. But we quickly see that life isn't so simple--the good guy strongman Bhima kills his enemy and eats his heart with gory relish. Even the god-man Krishna urges tricks to defeat the enemy. The women in the story were strong, complicated, grounded. Can a woman love five husbands equally? Yes, in this world. Does the mother of five sons grieve for the sixth she abandoned long ago and who became the enemy of his brothers? Yes, and her pain is compelling. I felt I could watch this film many times and still not understand all of it. The vision of the world is so different from a western view--gods and men together in the world, good and evil existing within both. And I'm sure this wasn't a totally faithful rendition of the story. But compared to the impossibility of picking up the text cold and trying to read it, this is a wonderful alternative.
 I was entranced by The Mahabharata, as presented by Peter Brookes. Since my childhood, I have heard, read and seen The Mahabharata in my mother tongue, English and Hindi. Irrespective of the medium, it has always impressed with the great canvas on which human yet larger than life characters are etched but the grandeur of the drama has often masked the underlying philosophy - that the difference between humans and gods is infinitesimal, that every person is imbued with some qualities that are god-like (so that depending on circumstances anybody can appear god-like), even the so-called gods have human frailties and can be touched and befriended. Peter Brookes has successfully denuded the characters of their physical attributes and forced us to really understand this philosophy that we too can become gods depending on which qualities we care to nurture within our selves.
 I was raised on stories from the Mahbharata and my parents showed me this movie when I was about ten years old.  Even though it is low budget and very, very long, I loved it.  I started showing it to my friends, who have no Indian background or knowledge at all and they loved it too.  I'll never forget when we were about thirteen years old we started watching it at a sleepover and were too tired to finish.  In order to see the whole thing before our moms came to take us home we would have to wake up at 6
 It was more than ten years ago that the Dutch television broadcasted 'The Mahabharata' by Peter Brook. First on three wednesday evenings, a couple of months later on one evening with just enough breaks to get to the toilet or get some coffee. This old story about the beginnings of Indian history, culture and religion is a fascinating story, with all the questions concerning life itself in it. We had it on video and watched it at least once every year, but for the last couple of years because the videotapes got worse. Now we have the dvd's (after a long search) and enjoy the whole action, the thoughts, the colors and the depth of the whole play.
 I cannot comment on how faithful this is to the original.  Nor can I comment on whether or not it may or may not be offensive to Hindus.  I don't know.  I hope it isn't, however, because it is certainly a beautiful work of theatre as art.  My family begged me to watch this for years and years, but with raising a family, I just didn't have a spare 5-6 hours.  Recently, however, I finally had time -- and it was so worth it.  The performance was so finely acted and directed.  I think especially of the brother who tells a lie for the first time.  How he touches his lip after the words are spoken, amazed that untruth could come out of his mouth.  I think about the actor who played Krishna -- Wow!  And especially, the actor who plays the old blind king.  That is just so well done.  At any rate, if it is offensive to Hindus, then don't see it.  But if it isn't, then it is truly worth the time.
 Weighing in at 5 hours and 25 minutes, "The Mahabharata is an epic tale based on the religious text of the same name.  While I'm far from ignorant of the Mahabharata, I'm no expert.  All I've read is the Baghavad-Gita.  You certainly don't need to be well-read on Hindu mythology to appreciate this film.  I first saw this film by renting it at a video store specializing in rare and imported videos.  I then purchased it through Amazon.com because this was something I just had to have.  The film is actually a stage play.  But don't let that discourage you into thinking that you will simply be watching actors perform on a stage.  This is one extravagent production!  The costumes are very rich, the sets are large and realistic, and the camera work is angled and edited in such a way that you'll think you're watching a film instead of a straight stage production.  For example, during the war chapter, actual horses are brought onto the stage where dozens of actors fight in a well choreographed manner!    The acting is something that I have never seen before.  I don't get out to see many plays, but what I've seen in this is amazing.  The camera gets in tight on the actors faces and these actors do a superior job of expressing severe intensity.  Especially the two actors who play Krishna and Arjuna; wow!    If you're into Hindu mythology on any level, then I assure you that you will enjoy this film.  Despite its length this film never gets boring.  Mind you, I wouldn't suggest watching this in one sitting.  There are two discs, watch one, and watch the next one the next day.
 Mahabharata, directed by Peter Brook, is a great movie. It is a must see for all who are interested in epic mythology and who would like to understand more about the religious philosophies and culture of India. As an Indian I have heard countless stories about Mahabharata and seen many Indian movies based on Mahabharata. The story is vast and often spawned many discussions on arguments on why things were what they were - the plot, chartecters, etc. I first saw the theatrical version of the Peter Brook version in 1989, and was amazed by the beauty and grandeur of the production and also was quite impressed how effectively the strory was told and enacted by an international cast of stage and screen actors.  Mahabharata is a must collect item and worth watching once every year !!!
 If you are ever roving around in the video store (or library, for that matter), and are looking for a film that is going to make you think, keep you on the edge of your seat, teach you important life lessons, and appeal to your senses, "The Mahabharata is the film for you. However, you are going to need a whole day to fully appreciate this masterfully told story.  (It clocks in at around 8 hours, total.)  I know that sounds daunting, but, believe me, it is well worth it.  One of the most gifted geniuses of the stage, Peter Brooke, has directed/produced an amazing labor of love, with his adaptation of the epic Sanskrit collection of stories, centered on two sets of warring brothers (the Pandavas and the Kauravas), both in hot pursuit of the throne.  It took Peter Brook eight years to fully conceptualize and complete this film, and it shows.  The actors span a dozen countries, come from a cross-section of backgrounds and are also multi-generational.  In his choice of casting, it truly cuts to the heart of, what I believe is the central point of "The Mahabharata.  It is the story of the plight of mankind.  If that isn't a more universal story, I don't know what is. Beautiful, brilliant, and very appealing to a diverse audience.
 Many reviews here deplore the butchered three-hour version with good reason.  Be sure to scroll down to the DVD details to make sure you are getting the six-hour version.  There is a Hindi version of this great epic, which was very popular in India, but it is extremely long, with many digressions that Western audiences will find distracting.  The Peter Brook version has been painstakingly translated and designed and made accessible to a modern Western audience, much the way Laurence Olivier did with his Shakespeare movies.  For those with intelligence and sensibility -- i.e. for adults -- this is one of the most profound stories they will ever see.  For those without -- i.e. for adolescents -- it will be a bore.  The Mahabharata is longer than and as ancient as the Bible.  Some of the parallels between the two are too close to be mere coincidence
 This is the creation of the poem to engrave drama in the hearts of man, which culminates in the 18-day war between the noble Pandava princes and their scheming cousins, the Kaurava kings that decides the fate of mankind.  We see how free will and fait can co-exist. Notice that Krishna has an agenda that may or may not be that of the other players in the game. Even in the 18-day war every rule is broken every value is destroyed, leaving no difference between whom is good or who is evil, who is an enemy or who is not. As Krishna does throughout the movie, we see that the only way the Pandava can win is to use any means.  Peter Brook encapsulated the essence of the Mahabharata in a 9-hour play. Then the play was adapted to this six-hour visual media presentation. Visually and melodically stunning this presentation is so well presented that you hardly realize the effort that went into making this representation reflect the true Mahabharata.  Mahabharata literally means Great (Maha) India (Bharat), yet its meaning is the story of mankind, as one would see that mankind started in India.  There are other film and book versions of the story some better some not as good however this is a brilliant work and should not be missed.  In book form, I suggest as a good starting place "Mahabharata -The Acclaimed new rendering of an immortal epic of war and destiny. Retold by William Buck.  Also, do not over look "The Power of Myth -- by Joseph Campbell, Bill Moyers.  <a href="http
 In India, folks will happily watch (if they can) 60 or more episodes of a traditional saga -- done in a single studio, with actors sitting on cardboard props against a blue screen -- and love every minute of it, because they already know the tales by heart and are entering into the celebration of them.  So how does one condense the longest epic poem in the world into a format that will be watched by Westerners with (comparatively) short attention spans?  Yes, this DVD does presume some knowledge of the original; so if you don't know the story, get a Cliff's Notes or look it up on Wikipedia; your viewing will be a lot more pleasurable if you're not trying to figure out the plot as you go.  The delivery is in practically Shakespearean English, to give it the elevated sense the subject requires, and this may take some getting used to as well -- especially since the international cast, representing (visually) ALL of humanity -- can sometimes stumble on the delivery (I agree; subtitles would be a good idea).  Overall, Brook and company have done an excellent job of capturing the essence of the epic Mahabharata, and bringing its central themes to a western audience -- albeit not via spoon feeding; the audience has to recognize the themes, as they're not presented overtly.  I've watched the DVD more than a dozen times, and never cease to be impressed with the depth and subtlety of the writing and direction.  In my book, it beats Bollywood any day, and makes a foreign masterpiece very accessible to us.
 This is the creation of the poem to engrave drama in the hearts of man, which culminates in the 18-day war between the noble Pandava princes and their scheming cousins, the Kaurava kings that decides the fate of mankind.  We see how free will and fait can co-exist. Notice that Krishna has an agenda that may or may not be that of the other players in the game. Even in the 18-day war every rule is broken every value is destroyed, leaving no difference between whom is good or who is evil, who is an enemy or who is not. As Krishna does throughout the movie, we see that the only way the Pandava can win is to use any means.  Peter Brook encapsulated the essence of the Mahabharata in a 9-hour play. Then the play was adapted to this six-hour visual media presentation. Visually and melodically stunning this presentation is so well presented that you hardly realize the effort that went into making this representation reflect the true Mahabharata.  Mahabharata literally means Great (Maha) India (Bharat), yet its meaning is the story of mankind, as one would see that mankind started in India.  There are other film and book versions of the story some better some not as good however this is a brilliant work and should not be missed.  In book form, I suggest as a good starting place "Mahabharata -The Acclaimed new rendering of an immortal epic of war and destiny. Retold by William Buck.  Also, do not over look "The Power of Myth -- by Joseph Campbell, Bill Moyers.  <a href="http
 Make no mistake; this is an abridged version of the original 1990 interpretation and in spite of this, I give it five stars. Peter Brook was the director of the Royal Shakespeare Company in London and of the International Centre for Theatre Research in Paris at the Bouffes du Nord. He has worked on many projects with Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re (President of the French School for Film and Television), who wrote a mini-script of The Mahabharata (Methuen Drama, 1988) that Brooks translated into English. The play came to New York in a nine-hour full stage version (Brooklyn Academy of Music, 1987); it was followed by a six-hour film version which was telecast in Europe in 1989 and by PBS in 1991and has become a DVD collectors' item; I hope that IMAGE will come again with the 285-minute version. Now there is this three-hour version, which was projected in the movie theatres in the mid-nineties. Fortunately, this version conserves intact the original section on the Bhagavad-Gita, and includes the original documentary on "the making of The Mahabharata (54 min.) as a bonus, which deserves to be seen. The cast is composed of a selected group of 42 international actors (India, USA, Burkina-Faso, Japan, Vietnam, Italy, England, Senegal, ....etc.). The music was composed by Toshi Tsuchitori; the songs were interpreted by Sarmila Roy (there is a beautiful CD with the film music
 I first heard of the Mahabharata when I was reading reviews for the video of the play, Nicholas Nickleby. I was rather interested in it. I finally bought the DVD last year because I felt like I had to have it for some reason.  It was worth every penny.  Everything about this movie is perfect. The sets are gorgeous. I love all of the natural elements like water and rock and fire everywhere. And the sand is pretty cool too. Out of all of the performances, two of them are my absolute favorites, Mallika Sarabhai as Draupadi and Mamadou Dioume as Bhima. Had this play opened on Broadway, these two actors would have won Tonies for their parts. Peter Brook and Jean-Claude Carriere created an amazing piece for the stage and for film. There were some moments of the film where I just sat in silence spellbound. One example is when Krishna (wonderfully played by Bruce Meyers) stands above Arjuna (another great performance by Vittorio Mezzogiorno) revealing his true form. The symbolic gestures are stunning and the special effects are enchanting without losing theatricality. Most of all is the overall message of the poem itself. The poem dares to explore all aspects of human life, something that epics like The Iliad or The Odyssey just don't do. Peter Brook is a theatrical genius.  Especially informative is the behind the scenes featurette. It's fun to watch people hearing their views on doing the play and working with Peter. Mallika Sarabhai is even more likeable offscreen than on as we see when she's speaking in the documentary and offering insight on how The Mahabharata is not just religion but pop culture in India. I believe Yoshi Oida (the amazing actor who plays Drona) puts it perfectly about what The Mahabharata has to offer, "In (the) film, we are playing greater (people), greater than us. So, I feel that if I imitate (these people) every day, maybe I (will) become (a) greater person. Yoshi, I intend to do the same thing.
 Watch the making of, and you'll see director/co-writer Peter Brook speak about his contempt for actors who seek personal fame, when they should put their career-making egos aside and focus instead on the work itself... yet Brook's name appears in giant letters on the box, and in the USA the DVD is even listed not as 'The Mahabharata,' but 'Peter Brook's The Mahabharata.' What a tool!  Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re and Marie-H&eacute;l&egrave;ne Estienne apparently spent 8 years co-writing the screenplay with Brook, yet their names do not appear on the DVD front cover at all.  The making-of documentary includes footage with actress Mallika Sarabhai saying of Brook
 There are two version of this stage production being offered here.  And although they are from the same production, the one that's titled "Peter Brook's The Mahabharata is a 2 DVD set, over 315 minutes while the other one dated as "2008", is only 1 disk and 170 minutes.  The criticisms of the shorter version may be valid. Amazon appears to be applying the reviews of the shorter one to both. The longer version is much more complete and easier to follow, AND is very enjoyable.  It is easily FIVE STAR quality. But the reality is that if the Mahabharata is presented quicker than maybe 2 months of straight delivery, it's abridged.
 Really impressed with this movie.  It was worth the money.  By watching the behind the feature, it really helped to understand the movie from beginning to end.  Looking forward to watching the movie a second time.
 THE DVD I GOT IS NOT VERY GOOD, IT DOES NOT HAVE SUBTITLES AND THE IMAGE IS BLURRY, BUT IS HAS BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I TRIED TO GET THIS PRODUCT, SO I SHOULD BE GLAD YOU GOT IT FOR ME. THANK YOU, BEATRIZ BELTRAN.
 This is the best adaptation of the Mahabharata ever that i have seen. It is definitely something to own.
 Pours wisdom right into the soul. It changed my life. The largest poem on Earth and it is about YOU! This 6 hour film is derived from the 9 hour stageplay. Absolutely unique and tells you about the meaning of life.
 My 3-year-old daughter, as well as my 16-year-old daughter, loved this movie. I found the content agreeable.  So what if a girl has a crush on a boy, or had been asked if there was a kiss? It's a natural and human progression, afterall, don't parents greet each other with a kiss or affection in the presence of their kids? Barbie Diaries captured the youngest's attention with very good music, and most importantly, the story is a good lesson on being true to yourself, being studious, (Barbie is an honor student in this movie) loyal to your friends and following your dreams. Even the advice of keeping a diary is a good one, we get to see how far we have come, how our goals are realized, etc.. No dark and evil characters like in Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus, Rapunzel, Mermaidia, Fairytopia, etc.., just the nuisance of a self-centered, shallow, popular girl who tries to make Barbie miserable, but all is settled in the end for the benefit of all. It's all good.
 Hi 
 Call me nuts and a dork or even call me childish.. Being 21 and still into barbies is fun.. Only difference is i dont play with barbie dolls i just collect them.. When i heard about this movie and seeing the previews i know i had to add it to my collection.. Its a great movie and it really has a great message that we all need to remember.. Just because we would like to fit in doesnt always mean its a great idea.. It can have its ups and down.. The music for the movie is awesome.. The graphics are out of this world amazing.. Although it couldve had a better storyline and some of the outtakes shouldve been used because they were awesome.. Only thing dumb out the DVD is a special feature called 'Kevins Paper Clip Movie Featurette'.. So i dont give to much away all i can say dont take my word for it see this movie for yourself.. ta ta for now..
 This movie seems so interesting cuase we will see how Barbie lives in the realworld with the new friends Tia, Courtney, Kevin & Todd. & for the first time an Mean character will be introduce in Barbie's world her name is Raquelle and she the Queen of mean aand she hates Barbies I already saw the doll on Ebay I can't wait to get her
 It's a little mature for the typical Barbie crowd.  I bought it for my four year old daughter, and I was taken aback a bit by the more mature themes represented on the DVD (high school, Fall Formals, crushing on the cutest guy in school, etc).  But I actually like the DVD myself.  It's sweet, and has great music throughout by Skye Sweetnam.  My daughter watches it with me, and we discuss things she doesn't understand.  She also loves the music.  But, once again, it would have been nice to have a bit more of a head's up on the actual content.
 I LOVE THIS MOVE!!! They have to come out with a second one. This movie is awesome. I'm a teen and i love it! i loved the other barbie movies but for once it is about real life. And the songs rock. i hope they come out with a soundtrack. This movie should definately be bought. It is fun with todays humor (only the good ones) and is great even for teenagers. take my word for it. It is amazing.
 I completely LOVE LOVE LOVE this dvd movie ! ! ! ! The girls in the movie are between the ages of 15 and 16. They're in their sophmore or second year of high school so it's nice for tweens and teens. I love this movie and it has a nice lesson at the end. It plays perfectly and it arrived two days early. This is my second favorite Barbie movie  next to Barbie Mariposa ). I've only had it for a week and I've watched it over 20 times 
 I am the mother of a Barbie-obsessed 4-year-old and bought this unaware of the plot.  I like the movie but think it's too mature for my daughter right now.  It would be great for a girl in middle school however.  I did find it entertaining.
 This is a Barbie dvd that teaches some real life lessons and inspired my daughter to start a journal.  What more could a mom want in a dvd?  Oh yeah, good music.  It had that too.
 Personally thought this was a great film, most young girls or teens can relate to The graphics are probably the best yet out of the rest of the barbie movies I also did not think that the movie was too mature for young audiences as a previous reviewer stated The scene when Kevin commented on the girls hugging wasn't in any way, shape or form meant to be crude Anyone should be able to see, that Kevin only tries to find ways to be get barbie to realize how much he loves her. It saddens me, to see that someone could have such a negative outlook over such innocent emotions I suppose it's because of reviews like that, why television cencors everything now days
 Honestly, I like ALL the Barbie movies. They are a little cheezy and have fun story lines that anyone can enjoy.  But this one is differnt. First of all, it has a GREAT soundtrack! I absolutely love the music. I'm 26 years old and would have the songs on my playlist and no one would ever know it was from a Barbie movie if they hadn't seen it.  This movie is geared toward older kids, but my younger kids love it as well. I also like the movie. Having to on occasion watch a movie 20 times in a row, having a movie you can enjoy can really help ease the pain of repetitive movies.  The story line is a lot better than some of the fantasy based ones. The dialog is fun and more mature.  All in all, great movie!
 Wow, I'm kinda glad Barbie did this. A teen like movie, I can't wait to watch it. but I wonder why it's showing on TV before it comes out. Oh well, I'm thinking of watching it caue it looks really good. Bratz, Danny Phantom, and My Scene ROCK!!!
 The DVD was received in great condition and in a timely manner.  I will order from seller again.
 This is old Fat Chance Bellydance beginners class in a new cover. If you like FCB, tribal fusion, or fun way to burn calories this is the Thing! Good for all levels, easy to follow for newbies , fun way to drill basics for more advanced students.
 The acting and story are superb. Blending a great western and history lesson in the what occurred in the late 1800's. If you are a Robert Duvall fan you will love it!
 Duvall at his best! Thomas Haden Church absolutely fantastic! The best western in years! Simply put...cinema doesn't get any better than this!
 Thank you Mr. Hill, and especially you, Mr. Duvall, for this wonderful piece of work. Whenever nature gets either one of you up at night, you can can go back to sleep knowing you did good, real good. Thank you.
 ROBERT DUVALL IS GOOD IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS MADE. THIS IS ONE OF HIS GREATEST WITH ACTION, LOVE INTEREST AND SUPPORT FROM HIS CO-ACTORS. THIS IS RIGHT UP WITH ASSINATION TANGO. THANKS MR DUVALL
 1.  I watched half of this via cable while on the road and was so intrigued by it that I got the DVD later on.  2.  Others have mentioned the pros / cons of this movie;  I just think it's one of the best Westerns out there--> great acting, a definite unique twist to the usual Western storyline, and it's based (I don't know how loosely) on a true story.  3.  A definite 5 star.
 An awesome movie.  I had seen it twice and decided I had to own it!
 We had previously seen this movie.  It was so good we wanted to add it to our library.  We enjoyed seeing it again.  We plan to watch it again and share it with our friends.  Thank you for your prompt service.
 This is really a great film to see! Good westerns are getting harder to come by these days. Maybe Hollywood will wise up and make more films of this caliber. Not a moment too soon!
 I thought good westerns died with John Wayne, but this movie will rank high with the classic westerns of yesteryear. Robert Duvall has true grit.
 I am a fan of westerns, but more a fan of great moviemaking and storytelling. Every once in a while comes a great western that leaves you thinking  man this is how a western should be done". With a great cast, story, and superb direction. Again actor Robert Duvall is at the helm of the movie "Broken Trail and again he brings the story to life just as he did for "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range". Without giving away any of the details, this movie has it all. The struggles, tragedies, and the love of humanity of the men and women of that bygone era called the "Untamed West". See it, enjoy it, but most of all, appreciate what great moviemaking is all about.
 This is a great western [mini-series] that should be on everyone's list of Top 25 westerns of all time. It entertains as a western and has an important social message as well. Robert Duvall is amazing as usual and Thomas Haden Church and the supporting cast are excellent as well. If you haven't seen this yet you're in for a wonderful treat and if you've seen it before as I have, at least three times, you'll remind yourself how perfect this western is; and it's beautiful in High Definition!
 I enjoy a great Weatern especially one starring Robert Duvall. I now have, what he calls his trilogy viz. Lonesome Dove, Open Range, and now Broken Trail. Robert Duvall and Clint Eastwood Weaterns are thoroughly enjoyable. I should like to mention I find Amazon provide an excellent service including s perfect follow-up to the purchase. Thank You.  Mike Davies
 A very good western, with somewhat of a chick flick imbedded, meaning my wife enjoyed it too.
 As an old lover of "oaters who thought the genre was mired in the narcissism of the Zane Grey/Owen Wister perceptions until that high watermark and irreducible teleseries, "Lonesome Dove, I was pleasantly surprised AND impressed by this two-parter, equally "true and moving if not quite as embracive and detailed as the former. This Walter Hill effort boasts as flawless a production, from writing through casting and the visuals, plus right-on performancw all around, as to set its own standards. And, as a Chinese-American, its singular and "authentic period Chinese plotline peg struck me as precedential AND arresting. Now, if only someone could make the "back story to the five Chinese girls who literally "make this movie what it is, playing off the standard western white hat/black hat themes. Beautifully, I must add. In my book, one for the books.
 Robert Duvall in another western in the league of Lonesome Dove? You bet, and with Thomas Hayden Church playing an equally as good part.I've watched this movie three times and I'll probably watch it another time before I put it in the rack.
 This movie looks so good on Blu-ray Disc. The Story is Good!!!    So own Broken Trail today.
 I absolutely loved this movie.  I'm not a big fan of westerns, but this movie was different.  It actually had depth to it and wasn't just some gunslinging western.  I liked the little romance part and the way things ended between Tom and Sun Foy.
 I really enjoyed the entire DVD but being an old time traditionalist, I was not happy with the ending which was just plain depressing.  Robert Duvall has now set the standard for resurrecting the old time westerns and proves that there is a demand for good quality movies not depending on sex or excessive violence in order to garner viewers.........  Mr. Duvall has now become one of my favorite actors and joins my other favorite Tom Selleck................
 I love westerns and am glad to see they are making more of them with great success.
 This is a movie well worth watching over and over it is a clean exciting movie that leaves you wanting more of the same. <a href="http
 Well... to start, I rented this video because of the accolades that I had heard at the Golden Globes. I then sat through all four hours in one sitting and watched it another four times within a week! This reminds me of Thousand Pieces of Gold with the wonderful Chris Cooper and Rosalind Chao telling the true story of China Polly. Finally, another western that incorporates the Chinese American experience. The language, acting, scenery are all magnificent.  Robert Duvall gets yet another glowing review from me. Probably the most natural actor... especially in the western genre. And Thomas Hayden Church brilliantly acted. His restraint and angst felt so real. I was so pleasantly surprised and impressed by his take on Tom Harte.  I'm so happy that this is available for purchase.
 This movie was recommended to me by a friend as one I would like being a big Western fan (especially of more modern Westerns!) I bought this Blu-Ray with nothing else to go on and it was pretty good. I didn't realize that it is a two disc/two-part movie and it is quite long, but despite that it is a good and entertaining story
 When I saw the duration of this film - FOUR HOURS! - I immediately reached for the delete button. How could anyone as important as me spend four hours on a single movie?! But my thumb was curious, and slipped from "delete to "play", completely disobeying my wishes. That was the beginning of a terrific slide down the slippery slope of self-indulgence.  Robert Duval brings verisimilitude to the role of the crusty old trail boss, and the supporting cast is truly supporting. No character wavers a jot from their role, and the end result is a gritty and believable portrayal of the west at the turn of the century. The scenery is real - and beautiful beyond description.  Along with the likes of the wonderful Michael Caine movie, "Harry Brown", this film takes its place among my all time favorites.
 A must see for anyone who enjoys Robert DuVall.  Great cast....and oh what a lovely story.  Well worth seeing even if you're not a "cowboy so to speak.  So get out the popcorn and watch a spectacular movie, the story line just keeps you right in the movie.
 Love Robert Duvall and in this movie he is at his best.  He looks to be a real horseman as I have known quite a few in my day.  Very authentic.  Well made movie with beautiful scenery.  As a matter of fact, I think we'll watch it again tonight.
 It is not every actor who can portray an Irish mob lawyer, a radio evangelist and a seasoned cowboy (my favorite) all with the same verve and mastery.  And you've got to love a man who knows how to ride a horse. Duvall rides his horse like he's driving a Cadillac - with total comfort, style and ease.  Very sexy.
 This is a great movie, of course my husband & myself enjoy Robert Duvall. This movie shows the decent side of some cowboys, & the ruthless side of a few. You don't know what will happen next as they drive the 500 horses and encounter Chinese girls. I think the show was very well done.
 Great Classic Western with a twist!  A father and his step son work to take a group of horses across country to sell them to the Army, then are sidetracked as they try to save a group of Chinese girls from being delivered to a Brothel in the West.  They treat them as sisters and daughters and the relationship is both sweet and tragic as they end up forced to fight the "owner as she sends men to try to retrieve them.  Highly recommend this if you like westerns with good stories.
 Broken Trail was recommended to me by a friend as a modern Western that I would enjoy. I missed it on TV, but had a chance to get it via Netflix recently. Watched it with my wife and truly enjoyed the movie. Good story, excellent scenery, interesting characters, and a gun fight, or two.  Robert Duvall continues proving that he is a great Western actor who can handle mature and complex characters. He is not the Duke or Clint, but has a style all his own. Thomas Haden Church provides a surprisingly strong performance as the reluctant nephew. He has come a long way from his "Wings days. Many other reviews detail the plot, so no reason for me to rehash it.  I think the two things I enjoyed most about the film are the scenery (stunning) and the realistic depiction of the West. I always imaginged the West to be a dirty, harsh, tough and dangerous setting. The movie does an excellent job of depicting this era. If you like other Westerns like Open Range, or Lonesome Dove, then you will enjoy this one as well. I highly recommend it.
 ...and you're likely to have a masterpiece on your hands. That was true of "Tender Mercies, "Lonesome Dove, and "Open Range, and it's also true of "Broken Trail, Walter Hill's mesmerizing, exquisitely photographed Western miniseries about a couple of cowboys--uncle and nephew--who come to the rescue of five Chinese girls who were sold into prostitution. Duvall's Print Ritter can't help but remind you of "Lonesome Dove's Gus McCrae or "Open Range's Boss Spearman, but at the same time Print is very different from Gus or Boss in subtle ways that only a master actor such as Duvall can make clear. "Broken Trail is magnificently acted throughout. Thomas Haden Church forgoes his usual goofy persona as Print's nephew Tom Harte, in a thoroughly convincing portrayal of a brave, sad cowboy, downtrodden by life yet beholden to no one. Chris Mulkey--bearing more than a passing resemblance to the late Howard Duff--is properly loathsome as the outlaw "Big Ear Ed Bywaters, and Greta Scacchi is deeply moving as Nola, a hard-luck woman menaced by Bywaters and enamored of Print. Viewers might complain that the young Chinese women don't becomne very individualized, but--given the movie's realism in showing that the girls can't speak English or comprehend Wild West culture--that was probably inevitable. Alan Geoffrion--who also wrote the original novel of "Open Range"--provides a screenplay that isn't all happily-ever-after, but is satisfyingly poignant and filled with rich dialogue and characterizations. "Broken Trail is a must-see for Robert Duvall fans and Western fans alike.
 I fell in love with this movie. The cinematography is beautiful and the setting is idyllic.  Robert Duval proved once again what depth he has as an actor.  He is a true story teller with his craft.  I hadn't seen the supporting actor, Thomas Hayden Church in anything other than "Sideways and was skeptical about him pulling off the role of Robert Duval's nephew.  He surprised me with his believable character.  The story is truly remarkable when you consider that it is based on real lives.  (Is that a spoiler?)  I highly recommend this movie!
 This is one of the best Westerns to come out in several years. It reminds me of of some of the older Westerns, great story and great acting. You can't beat Robert Duvall, he just makes you believe he's an old Cowboy. Thomas Haden Church missed his calling, he could have made some good Westerns over the years. The only problem is nobody writes enough good ones these days. Hopefully THC will get that chance to make a few more in his career.
 best tv movie i have seen in a long long time. it was great.
 This in one of the best westerns of the modern era. I was a stuntman in Hollywood during the 50's when the western was it's most popular. I worked on some huge projects but none as good as todays western. Broken Trail in as good as.....or better, then OPEN RANGE, THE UNFORGIVEN or SILVERADO. Duvall is the "real western cowboy. I worked with him on THE PURSUIT OF D. B. COOPER in 1980 and it doesn't appear that he has changed hardly at all. I recommend this film and guarantee you will watch it over and over.
 This is a fantastic western that certainly urges me to read the novel. The attention to details regarding the time period adds to the flavor of this action/drama. The story-line has plenty of trail grit as well as a realistic portrayal of early prostitution and the true fate of most saloon girls. If you're a western lover, this is a must see.  Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 This is an excellent western that has beautiful scenery, a great story line and excellent acting.  Robert Duvall as Print Ritter plays an old cowhand who decides to take horses from Oregon to Sheridan, Wyoming in 1898 to sell them to an Englishman who needs them for the British army.  He takes along his nephew played by Thomas Haden Church.  Early on they come across a slave trader with young Chinese women and girls being taken to a mining camp.  They run into a bad man who is real life (not some comic book character like some of the old westerns) and the story gets more interesting as it proceeds to a natural western like climax.  Along the way, the scenery, the acting, and the story line kept me interested, so interested that I enjoy seeing this western again and again.  And, unlike many modern westerns that seem to revel in violence (ever since the Wild Bunch of the late 1960s) this one is not overly violent, and it doesn't have to be.  It is very enjoyable and higly recommended just the way that it is.
 Great Movie, showing how ordinary people can show and practice human kindness and compassion to those less fortunate. A must see for movie buffs.
 After viewing the excellent saga of "Lonesome Dove & "Streets of Laredo I looked forward with anticipation to this Movie of the old west. Especially when it stars Robert Duvall, a most underrated actor. Well I wasn't disappointed, it's a great movie, which puts John Waynes West in a totally different catagary. Another underrated actor in my opinion is James Garner who played Tommy lee Jones part I believe in Streets of Laredo. I must admit though I was not impressed with "Return to Lonesome Dove". also I liked "Open Range All these movie give to me a more accurate idea of what the west was really like
 This is one of my very favorite movies!  The DVD was packaged very well, and delivery was lightning fast.  Many thanks!  Would highly recommend to others!
 This was an excellent movie, yet I had never even heard of it before I accidently found it in a bargain bin.
 Church and Duvall team up for an excellent movie in the tradition of Lonesome Dove.  A movie should be like a good book only in video and this one definitely fits that criteria.  A recommended see.  Doug Gollihar/Author & Writer
 this series is great. duvall,church and gwendolyn yeo are magnificent. the story was moving and made me weep at certain times.all the asian girls  were so pretty and sweet.it is a shame asian women were sex slaves in this country and others. we learn from this film and hopefully the love between the cowboys and the asian girls will spread worldwide. this film is highly recommemded.
 If you were an equestrian or just loved horses and real honest people, you will Love this movie. Well worth the money.
 this is a great movie and what a amzing story line about the human sprit .I can watch this movie all the time ...5 stars in my book
 We bought this as a gift for my father-in-law.  He is a fan of westerns and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 Just loved this miniseries. Robert Duvall is absolutely perfect, as is Thomas Hayden Church. Great story, perfectly executed.
 The camera work and scenery here is awesome. Even if the story line were not great this would still be a movie worth watching for the natural beauty of the horses and countryside. However, the story is a great story I enjoy watching this movie every time. Great acting.
 This is one of Robert Duvall's best performances.  If you are a fan, this is a must have.  You'll want to have this in your collection.
 This was a good movie, all 3 hours of it.  I would highly recommend it to any western fan.
 There aren't many actors today who can lay claim to the title "dedicated actor", but Robert Duvall can, anytime. His acting always delivers in one way or another. He is definitely at home in all of his western roles. From Open Range to Broken Trail, Duvall delivers.
 Very good -- never saw it when it first came out -- don't know how I missed it.
 Robert Duvall stars in another great western.  This is a great movie.  It would of been nice if it was all on one DVD, it is broken up into 2 halves.
 I CONSIDERED THIS A VERY INTERTAINING MOVIE.  IT WAS ABLE TO HOLD MY ENTREST VERY WELL EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A LONGER THAN AVERAGE MOVIE. THE TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WERE VERY GOOD AND EXTREAMELY BELEAVABLE.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE LIKE IT.
 Beginning with his role as Augustes McCrae in Lonesome Dove(1989), Robert Duvall has carved out his place in western cinimatic history as the Ultimate American Cowboy.  This is not to be confused with the great personae that a certain Mr. Eastwood, among others, has created during his remarkable film career.  We're not talking about the "man with no name that is today's hero, but rather the real cowboy that would also have been revered in his own time.  In Broken Trail, Robert Duvall continues his portrayal of the sage old cowboy who is frought with human frailties, yet hard-edged enough to survive the dangers of his period.  Just watch for Duvall's mouth movements such as spitting, chewing or the  one-handed smoothing his mustache with a bit of saliva. He is THE GREAT AMERICAN COWBOY and this wonderfully crafted western should be watched just for Robert Duvall's presence.
 I would compare this movie to BBC Planet Earth. Both films are great, have a lot of amazing shots and a few not so amazing. My machine plays this movie at about half of computing power, electricity is filtered, HDTV (used as monitor)calibrated with Spider2Express. This Blu-ray release is not as good as 3
 This movie is incredible!  It has a different twist to it that only makes it more appealing.  Duvall and Church are excellent together and I really enjoyed Church's character.  Great acting by all.
 What a pleasure to watch, at last, a western of the kind which made us dream of America. Every image of that movie could be a Norman Rockwell picture or one of the XIX - XX century great american paintings.  I don't know if the American Dream is still alive, but such a movie certainly keeps the Dream of America as such.
 Another great performance from Robert Duvall, who seems to have a knack for performing fine western characters.  Thomas Haden Church gives a equally fine performance with the added bonus of really looking like a weathered old time cowboy. All of the actors give fine authentic performances, esp the bad guys. The result is a good story well told. I just had to add it to my DVD collection.
 Robert Duvall - his usual superb self in the role of a western character.  High praise also for Thomas Haden Church.....splendid performance.
 Item arrived on time and in great shape. Who does not like a good wrestern? Robert Duvall is always great to watch!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great movie that I wanted toadd tomy collection.  It arrived in a timely manner and as described.  No problems and no complaints.
 The movie was a described.  It came even sooner than it was suppose to. The "sender was quite detailed and everything is great.  i will use this sender again, when possible.
 My ex-wife turned-me-on to Westerns, which were not high on my hit list before giving-in to her, (Yes, I was a easy mark for a sweet voice and and a pretty face, unfortunately it wasn't hers and she ditched me when I remembered who's it was that raced my heart! Tami, if you ever read this I am sorry for any embarassment it brings you, you know it's All true, so don't damn me, please?)  Anyway, once I made the conversion from Comedy to Western, I found Robert Duvall to be the epiome of a Western Hero. (Perhaps who Willie Nelson was thinking of when he wrote M Heros Have Always Been Cowboys)  This is one of Duvall's finest, watch it, enjoy it and never forge Tami, I won't!
 I have not viewed this film, but have read other reviews.  I realize Robert Duvall had larger roles in his named western trilogy.  But he makes an excellent imprint on the Walter Hill movie of Geronimo which starred Wes Studi as Geronimo, Matt Damon as a young officer.  It was a great movie and is still available.  I will be getting Broken Trail soon.
 "Broken Trail", a dream project for producer/star Robert Duvall, and AMC's first original film, is the spiritual heir to Kevin Costner's 2003 "Open Range (also starring Duvall), and one of the most moving, involving Westerns of recent years.  With a charismatic, extremely effective performance by Thomas Haden Church, as Duvall's long-estranged nephew, the film is one of only a handful of Westerns that combine epic sweep, superb characterization, and an understanding of the 'Real West', without shortchanging decency, or respect of an individual's worth. The era was hard, justice could be swift and brutal, and Duvall, as aging but upright Prentice Ritter, lives by his own rules; to protect the helpless in his care, to respect others, and to be unafraid to resort to violence, if necessary. Tom Harte (Church), despite some family history problems with his uncle, lives by the same code, and the two men, driving a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming to raise cash for a ranch, become the 'saviors' of five young Chinese women, sold into prostitution, who inadvertently fall into their hands.  These are good men, in a jaded world, and their journey picks up other 'strays', as well as the women; young Virginian fiddler Heck Gilpin (an engaging Scott Cooper), is rescued by Tom in a saloon; aging Chinese laborer Lung Hay (Donald Fong), and careworn prostitute Nola John (the wonderful Greta Scacchi) join the group after Tom saves the Chinese women from rapists, in a boarding house/bordello. While neither Ritter and Harte were overjoyed at the strange direction the drive was taking, they would not allow harm to fall on 'innocents', and the group bonds into a warm 'family', with Nola and Ritter finding a mature attraction between each other, and Tom and Sun Foy/#3 (Gwendoline Yeo, who speaks only Mandarin, in the film), gently falling in love.  Danger is never far behind them, however, as brutal ex-con 'Big Ears' (Chris Mulkey), with a score to settle with Nola, and a 'contract' to return the Chinese women to whorehouse owner Kate 'Big Rump' Becker (Rusty Schwimmer), trails them, leading a gang of killers...  While the film is long (240 minutes), director Walter Hill, an old hand at Westerns (his "The Long Riders is one of my favorites), keeps the story constantly engrossing, and Duvall and Church have a warmth and authenticity as the characters that will stay with you, long after the movie ends.  Shot in the Canadian Rockies, "Broken Trail combines grandeur and intimacy seamlessly, has moments of great humor to lighten the drama, explosive action, and a bittersweet sense of nostalgia...  It is, simply, superb!
 I watched this film on AMC. This is AMC cable network's first original production starring Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church. It is a fictional story that everyone will want to watch. The background for this movie is based on historical fact of the time. I knew I was going to watch this western as soon as I read that Robert Duvall was involved in the project.  This movie takes place during the late 1800s. It starts with two horse wranglers played by Duvall and Church. Duvall's character, Print Ritter, is Church's uncle. They decide too wrangle horses and sell them to the British Empire who needed them for the Boer War. In the movie we follow this magnificent heard of horses as they are driven east across beautiful country. During the drive they run into five Chinese women who were being kidnapped from the West Coast and brought to the interior west to serve as prostitutes. The story of our horse drive and the story of five Chinese women become intertwined.  What makes this western special is we see the personal growth of Print Ritter from lonesome cowboy to father figure. And what makes this western unique is we see the story from the view of the female characters. Though the movie did not end exactly as I expected, it was close, yet seemed more real.  This is a must see movie. The story line, acting, scenery, background are all top notch. It was hard for me to believe that this was not very large big screen production.
 Wow!  This is why filmmakers make movies.  This movie will capture your imagination and heart.  It is a big epic of a western, beautifuly filmed, with an intriging story line that will keep you guessing right up until the very end.  I am a devoted western movie fan, and this movie ranks up there with the very best of the genre.  Robert Duvall, best known as "Agustus in Lonesome Dove, dons western garb once again and stars in a lengthy, yet thoroughly enjoyable tale of a horse drive across the plains to Sheridan, Wyoming.  Duvall employs his nephew in the endevor, and they unexpectedly meet up with a variety of both endearing and unsavory characters along the way.  This is not a shoot 'em up western. It is not action-packed.  It meanders at a leisurly pace, as an actual horse drive would, yet an enjoyable pace from beginning to end.  Duvall, as the patriarch Print Ritter, and his nephew Tom Harte, (played exceedingly strongly by Thomas Church) take about 500 head of horses to Wyoming.  On the trail, they cross trails with an evil pimp who is moving five Chinese girls to a mining camp where they will be sold into the living hell of prostitution.  The Chinese are sweet innocent beings who are being mistreated by the pimp, and through a series of incidents, the girls become the responsibility of Ritter and Harte.  From there, the group picks up additional characters
 What is it that makes a good Western? Most people who hate Westerns will tell you that they're all the same and, in many cases such is true. Accordingly, I could go on and on about the elements of this movie that are characteristic of all good Westerns. But then I would likely be parroting the excellent points made in most of the previous reviews here.  But for the purposes of my review, I choose to talk about the things that make BROKEN TRAIL special.  First, the characters and the way they are portrayed is extremely compelling.  I like how Print Ritter, played masterfully by Robert Duvall, is an "equal-to-life hero.  He's not set here as a Western giant, the likes of John Wayne, who can do no wrong and who has complete confidence in everything that he sets his mind to.  Instead, Ritter is a man of doubts, strengths, concerns and confidences who approaches life as any one of us might. He chooses some things right and in other things he fall short. Wonderful "every man mentality. But then this is becoming a refreshingly consistent story for Western characters played by Robert Duvall.  Such is also true of Ritter's nephew, Thomas Harte played by Thomas Haden Church. There's friction between Harte and his uncle but then there's an abiding respect that helps form the foundation of one of the finest relationships ever to grace the Western screen. In its own way it's right up there with Gus and Call. Church's deliberate, plodding style creates a confidence in viewers that is nothing short of wonderful. One seems to feel that, come what may, Harte may very well be the last man standing and in the end he doesn't disappoint.  And then there's Big Ears Bywater played about as coldly (and wonderfully, I might add) as imaginable by Chris Mulkey. Without expression, even when Ritter defiantly smashes his face with a butt of his head, Big Ears is reminiscent in numerous ways of the demoniacal Blue Duck of LONESOME DOVE fame. He's the sort of villain that keeps the audience wondering whether this is a story that, in the end, goes to the bad guy.  But then I'll leave you to watch and see for yourself.  Gwendoline Yeo, Olivia Cheng, Caroline Chan, Jadyn Wong and Valerie Tian are wonderful in their portrayals of five young unfortunate Chinese woman, sold into prostitution and without any apparent hope.  Interestingly, they project an air of vulnerable strength that wins the hearts of Ritter and Harte, as well as the viewer.  No condescension, racism or the pathetic stereotype that might have emerged. You pull for these girls, not because they are helpless, but because their personalities shine clearly through.  Add supporting performances by Donald Fong as Lung Hay, Greta Scacchi as Nola, Scott Cooper as Heck Gilpin, James Russo as Captain Billy Fender and Rusty Schwimmer as Big Rump Kate and the spectacular, breathtaking cinematography and what emerges in BROKEN TRAIL is a Western drama that quite easily stands up with some of the best in the genre.  THE HORSEMAN
 I saw this on AMC and want to get it on DVD when it comes out!  It is one of those Westerns that you just know you will want to see over and over again.  It did not surprise me that it was that good as I could not imagine Robert Duvall being in a Western that was not well done!  All of the actors are excellent, the scenery is beautiful, the story not only holds your interest, but is very believable and depicts the people and the times in an accurate light.  I also liked the fact that this Western covered a subject very few Westerns make more than a passing mention of and that is the Chinese in the Old West.  I highly recommend this Western to all that like a good story and especially a good Western.
 This is a really moving and marvelous western. Robert Duval (also Exec. Producer) said he considers this the third part of his personal western trilogy (Lonesome Dove 1 & 2 being the first parts)... but the story here, and his character is different. (I didn't care for Lonesome Dove, BTW, it was too hard-hearted for me.)  Like most great westerns the real battle here is between corruption and ethics, even if they are wild west ethics. Duval and Church give 100% perfect performances, but Gwendolyn Yeo as the sweet strong mother figure for the Chinese girls is the heart of this piece, and she gives us brilliant moments of heart wrenching confusion, relief and joy. It is her smile which brightens this dark tale, this, and the Director's vision that true goodness does actually exist, and has strength and power. That mindset is what makes any western great.  In the traditional trail drive, non verbal male atmosphere, we have 5 kidnapped Chinese women ( rightfully not dubbed, so seemingly non-verbal as well) and this mix lifts the story far above the ordinary.  Greta Scacchi - looking beautifully her age - later comes in as a woman whose life has let her slip far downhill, and we have a truly great, restrained, mature, romantic scene between Duvall and Scacchi.  Through all of this is really beautiful and majestic cinematography, used to to it's best to highlight and magnify the whole story. Even in a genre known for landscape, this one is near the top for scenes of raw, expansive, natural beauty. We see why Duvall's character feels most alive on the trail.  This is a smart western for men and women, a western that is also a date movie... one of the greats of the genre.
 I can only hope they someone keeps making Westerns because the few that have been made the last few years have been outstanding. This one, a TV miniseries, is just great. I can't say enough good things about it. I saw it recently on DVD. It was a three-hour film. I thought I read somewhere that it was four hours, so I don't know if this version has been cut down. I only know what I saw, and I liked about everything I saw.  I also knew what to expect.....and that helped. I didn't expect a rough film with a ton of violence and nasty characters, language, etc. What surprised me was just how interesting a film this was for being three hours long and not having a lot of action. I attribute this to the dialog, the acting, characters you care about and the wonderful cinematography. It's hard to beat the scenery in a nicely-filmed western.  The words coming out of the two stars of the picture, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church were extremely believable material. These guys were tough, but not abrasively- macho, compassionate but not sappy. As "Prentice Ritter and "Tom Harte, respectively, they fascinating to watch. I liked what they said throughout the movie and they were extremely believable characters. They looked and talked the part.  This story is different because it's mainly about helping five young Chinese women, who are destined for prostitution, slavery and who knows what else. Ritter and Harte didn't volunteer for the job; it accidentally came upon them as they were escorting horses North for a nice payday. The two men showed wonderful compassion for these girls, despite the fact they slowed their mission down and had a problem with communication.  It simple terms
 If you like Robert Duvall as a cowboy (Open Range, Lonesome Dove) then you are in for a big big treat!!!!  I saw this on AMC the other day and I was truly inspired.  The acting is great, the story is excellent, and the camera shots are beyond comparision.  If you love Westerns like I do--get this now!!!  There are alot of familiar actors in this film that I reconized and it made the film so excellent.  Especially the one that played his nephew--what a performance--both actors are great as cowboys.  Get this movie as soon as it is released.  I know I will.  Don't miss it!!!!!
 Mr. Duvall, thank you for your persistance in getting this movie to the TV screen.  It is a wonderful portrayal of the Old West, two men, and the plight of Chinese in the Old West.
 This is a western which really demonstrates human values.  Robert Duvall (Prentice Ritter) and his nephew Thomas Hayden Church (Tom Harte) play weather beaten but honest cowboys, along with an educated new cow-hand Scott Cooper, who also plays the violin. These three dust covered cowboys, drive a herd of top notch horses northward in order to sell them to the U.S. Army, but due to sudden adverse circumstances wind up protecting five Chinese girls who were being abused for money by corrupt 'human lice'.  Donald Fong does a wonderful job playing Lung Hay, who also assists the three cowboys with the five girls, and later on a lady caught up with the bad guys, headed by Chris Mulkey, playing a cruel gunmen named Big Ears, who teams up with three other low life gunmen who are after the fine herd of horses plus the Chinese girls.  The actresses playing the Chinese girls are as follow
 The scenery in this movie would make it worth seeing time after time, even if the story were not so good. I was completely unaware of this title and ordered it for my Dad (Lonesome Dove - the movies only - huge fan) and we watched this several times when I was at home last. The story has a lot of twists and turns, not everyone is okay, not everyone survives. True to life out in the back country and wonderful acting. I don't know if I missed this if it was in theaters or on t.v., but am so glad to know about it now. My college-age son & his g.f. watched it with us one night and were truly fascinated. They thought the story was very well told and acted and the scenery was gorgeous. SO.....in short, it works for anyone who likes this genre & is between the ages of 22 & 81 -- or at least that is my personal experience!
 beautiful settings, wonderful casting, good storyline and screenplay, well edited, fantastically performed by almost every role player. what can you say and enjoy more of this kinda movie!? a nostalgic revisit of the 'lonesome dove' and its similar characters. the galloping horses in the picturestic mountains and plateaus, a pleasant and wonderful viewing experience.
 I have to preface this review (some cultural background) because its just another review if I do not. I am rather surprised that a Western has intrigued me as much as this movie. I liked Open Range but I think I was experiencing more than a Western with Broken Trail, kind of like unveiling the hidden meanings in poetry. Growing up in the "Black Community, we did not watch many westerns, if any, so I asked myself what is so intriguing about this western? I have no conscious relationship to this western. I have watched as little as 5 films more than twice, and I love analyzing and enjoying film since the 1980's. I think Broken Trail speaks to my inner spirituality and the importance of taking journeys.  I also think that the historical accuracy of the women most likely being Chinese, allowed me to just enjoy the film and not ask what are these characters doing in this film?! They were very attractive in many ways and because of the language barrier the facial expression and body language made it more interesting. The way #3 was falling in love with (Thomas Hayden Church) without words, was poignant. When she did not get on the stagecoach ride to San Francisco, at the end of the movie,  and just stood there with her hand on her heart crying,..Wow! I almost cried. Again I am from a neighborhood where being macho kept you from an ass-whuppin' and very often hid the sensitivity necessary to be a whole man. We had no connection to the country life, or any knowledge of Black cowboys at the time, so there was no interest in any westerns. I know its the hidden messages of caring for others, persevering through hardships, and the beauty of other cultures, that touched me deeply. Good job Mr. Duvall.
 I said it before -- Duvall can cowboy, period. I was born in Nevada, in the late 40s ( Gad, that makes me sound old! ), and I grew up around horses and drovers on a ranch. Duvall and Church have captured the feel of the old West -- the manners or lack therof, the life on the trail, and everyone who would like to see a little slice of life before modern conveniences should watch this.
 For those of you who are big fans of the TV mini-series, Lonesome Dove, and the Kevin Costner movie, Open Range, here's another one to wet your appetite with--Broken Trail, starring the great Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  It was only by accident (I was watching the Hollywood Foreign Press Awards show a few months ago and Duvall was nominated for his role in Broken Trail) that I found out about this three-hour mini-series made specifically for the American Movie Channel in 2006.  And, once I found out about it, I discovered that the mini-series was already out on DVD.  Miracles do occasionally happen!  Anyway, Broken Trail is the story of Print Ritter (played by Duvall) who inherits his sister's farm after she dies.  Her son, Tom Harte (played by Church), is left nothing because he took it upon himself to strike out on his own years earlier.  Ritter meets with Harte and explains what has happen, suggesting that maybe the both of them could join together and lead a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming.  Since Harte has nothing to lose, he agrees to help his uncle for twenty-five percent of the profits.  In their journey across the north-western part of the country, they pick-up a Virginian gentleman/fiddler named Heck Gilpin (played by Scott Cooper), five abused and abandoned Chinese women who'd been sold into a life of slavery, a prostitute with a broken nose who's played by Greta Scacchi, and an old Chinese man played by Donald Wong.  To make matters even more complicated, they're being followed by a group of killers, led by Big Ears (played by Chris Mulkey), and there will be a final showdown.  Broken Trail delivers in full force with the majestic scenery of the northwest, a story of goodness battling evil with the killing fast and violent, the superb acting of both Robert Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church (not to mention the rest of the cast, especially Chris Mulkey as the villain who never raises his voice, yet manages to project a true sense of evil), the eye for detail and accuracy about the Old West, and the excellent direction of Walter Hill.  This is the kind of Western that you'll want to watch over and over again with Robert Duvall playing the type of role that he was born for.  The DVD extras include a twenty-minute featurette on the Making of Broken Trail.  Thank God for DVDs.  Now, when a truly excellent movie like Broken Trail appears on a TV station that you don't get, all you have to do is wait for the DVD to come out.  Highly recommended!
 I saw this movie for the first time on American Movie Classics (AMC) and just kept wanting to see it again and again. This is one of my favorite movies now. The story is unique and riveting.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are wonderful in this movie. I love it because the main characters, Church and Duvall, are honorable men in a lawless, wild part of our history.  I wish the story were really true. There's plenty of horse riding, shooting and fighting, but there's also undercurrents of romance and love. It's just a great movie!
 This is a wonderful western withsomething to say, a great story line and wonderfull cast.  Robert Duvall is one of my all time favorite actors and he does another bang up job here.  I was also impressed by Thomas Haden Church, I never imagined him as the prototypical cowboy but he does a great job here.  Oh yeah!
 The scenery makes it worth the upgrade to Blu-ray.  Add that to a great plot, great cinematography, and award-winning acting, you get a movie that you might put in your personal 'top ten' list.  Yep, it's that good.
 This movie was like old time hollywood.  Then they had class.  Today mostly junk.  I loved this movie. Robert Duvall and all were marvelous and as I watched this movie I was entranced.  Why did this not win an award?  Stupid hollywood. I hope more quality movies TV or other will be made.  But I doubt it.  Hooray for Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.
 It is always a pleasure to see a well-done western. Broken Trail adds to that genre with a tale about two cowboys delivering horses from Oregon to Wyoming and the troubles start when they rescue 5 Chinese girls that are destined to be sold as sex slaves. Robert Duvall is one of America's most memorable cowboys and he adds to his legend here, Thomas Haden Church is terrific as the laconic, no nonsense cowboy. The beautiful part about this original AMC is that though we've seen everything a Western could possibly offer, Broken Trail keeps surprising you and getting away from the expected formula. It has a rich storyline that keeps building and a nice balance between action, humor and on the edge of your seat expectations. But you don't need to be on the edge of your seat, sit back, kick your shoes off, pour yourself a cup of coffee and revel in a well told story.
 The movie took me to another world. At the same time the actions scenes are fantastic. It is so emotional. Robert Duval is a great actor and he outperforms his role. I felt love and friendship when I was watching this movie. I bought this DVD and added it to my collection because I feel that I will be able to watch it time and time again. I strongly recommend it to anyone who likes westerns.
 BROKEN TRAIL is a film that is similar to RED RIVER, one of the great classics of American cinema, which stars John Wayne and Montgomery Clift.  Both of the films concern drives of livestock across hundreds of miles in the American west.  In BROKEN TRAIL, the livestock are horses, and the trip is from Oregon to Wyoming, while in RED RIVER, the livestock are cattle, and the trip is from Texas to Kansas.  Having watched RED RIVER a few times, I was expecting some sort of tension or schism to occur among the cowboys in BROKEN TRAIL, but this never materialized in BROKEN TRAIL.  Perhaps, this sort of expectation made me more involved with or interested in BROKEN TRAIL.  BROKEN TRAIL requires watching two DVD discs, each about 90 minutes long.  Here are the positive features of BROKEN TRAIL.  I was not able to detect any shortcomings
 FINALLY!!! I love American Westerns.  I love US History, Native Americans, horses and adventures.  I grew up thinking "Why can't Chinese people have significant leading roles in the Westerns? Were we not a part of the American history??? Railroad anyone? California Gold Rush? This is better than my wildest dreams!  5 Chinese girls in leading, respectable, roles in a Western!!!  I am so happy! Thomas Haden Church is so hot because of this role!  Everyone!!!  Go watch it!
 Both Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church excel and head a marvelous cast in this gripping western that is filled with amazingly beautiful images of the American Northwest.  About 3 hours long, but it seems much less.  I wanted it to go on and on.  Two men with a plan for the future discover just how many curves fate can throw in their direction, and they adapt wonderfully.  This is a western that your wife will enjoy as well as yourself;  sometimes the heartstrings are being pulled as well as the triggers.  The images on Blu-Ray are outstanding.
 This is one of the most beautifully filmed and moving stories of all time.Blu-ray only makes it even more beautiful to behold.Both Duvall and Church are superb in their portrayals of cowboys with hearts.This BD belongs in every man's library.
 This was a spendidly made movie. It was like "watching a beautiful poem or a "moving oil landscape. I was mesmerised.  As always, Robert Duvall gave a wonderful performance. He is such a multi talented actor, but the western is his forte. From Lonesome Dove, Tender Mercies, Open Range and now Broken Trail. It is his show!  It was my first time to see Thomas Haden Church, and he was equally as wonderful. His understated performance had me from the time he came onto the screen. Never trying to compete with or out do Mr Duvall, he held his own . . .  I understand their maybe a sequel with Mr Church. I am anxiously anticipating another beautiful movie, only missing Mr Duvall. . .maybe he is just making another great western somewhere. . .One can only hope!
 This movie is terrific. A stark look into the old west and how the bad people treated the less fortunate and the good people who had higher moral values. Great job by Robert Duvall and Tom Church.
 I love westerns, and this one ranks as one of the greatest of all times. Much superior to the over-rated Lonesome Dove. If I could give this 10 stars, I would!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed watching `Broken Trail' and after viewing westerns for over five decades I would now rank this movie as my favourite. It is superb in all respects. The landscapes are spectacular, the acting brilliant, the action at times breathtaking and a storyline that readily elicits, in the viewer, a full range of emotions.  The Blu-ray version does great justice to the movie. The colour, the sound and the sharpness of each frame make this movie a true high definition experience.  The credits at the end of the movie indicated that the story was based on true events and this surprise, without forewarning, acted like the icing on an already delicious slice of cake. It's a movie that I will watch over and over again.
 While you might not know it reading my reviews here at Amazon, I'm big on Western movies. When I saw Broken Trail and read the description of the movie, I decided to give this one a shot and, by gum, it turned out to be a good one.  Broken Trail tells the story of Print Ritter (Academy Award winner Robert Duvall) and his nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church, Spider-Man 3) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming. Along the way, they come across five abused chinese women who are being transported to a brothel to have their virginity auctioned off. Their lives become intertwined and that's where this saga begins.  Director Walter Hill did an admirable job making the movie. The movie has you, actually, believing that it is taking place during the 1800s. Things are accurate for the time in everyway and that's what I like most about the movie.Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church do superb performances as Uncle and Nephew.
 I have written before on many westerns. And I have written before on one of the entries in Robert Duvall&iexcl; Trilogy (Open Range). His Trilogy includes Lonesome Dove, Broken Trail and Open Range. I return with a review of a second movie from that Trilogy
 Robert Duvall rounds off his Western trilogy (Lonesome Dove, Open Range) in much the same way he started it... laidback on the outside and full of homespun wisdom, (Don't measure your wealth by how much money you have, son) but tough as nails when you get him riled.  However, Broken Trail should not be considered as an also-ran, coasting in the coattails of its obvious and considerable predecessor.  It certainly does owe much to Lonesome Dove, as the two men seek to herd 500 horses across the country to earn enough money to own their own land, all the while learning more about themselves and each other along the way.  However, this certainly has enough of its own style with Walter Hill back on great form (welcome back, Walter, it's been a while...), and the two leads Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church simply outstanding, to make this solid, entertaining, educational and moving in it's own right. The twist in this movie, is that along the way, they take in 5 innocent but abused Chinese women who have been at the mercy of a low life trafficker (yes, it's actually a chattel drive), thus reflecting the actual historical problem of the time, whereby Chinese daughters were sold into slavery and prostitution in the US.  Their new wards bring the two upright but gritty men into contact with horse thieves, gunslingers, brothel keepers and even the proverbial hooker with a heart of gold as their horse drive becomes altogether more dangerous and eventful than they had anticipated.  And yet, while including all these mores of the genre the movie has such an intenseness and realism, that the characters never feel like story conveniences or clich&eacute;s. Hill directed the pilot episode of Deadwood, which shows here in the gritty style, the unflinching look at the griminess and harshness of the time, and the harshness of the language, and yes, even the sparseness of the scenery.  The violence is not dwelt on however - indeed, in many cases the coup de gre is delivered off screen, and by the end of the movie you have actually seen a lot less violence than you might expect.  In fact, the very sparseness of the script and the corollary of this seen in the seemingly endless fields, with breathtaking mountains of the Rockies in the background (it was shot in Canada) and often photographed through a snowy haze as the cowboys hunker down for the long slog, actually make the movie all the more memorable and yes, beautiful in its own way. Bleak and harsh, and yet full of warmth and humanity, and a story where people matter in an era when there was plenty of hard times and hard people to dehumanize life, make this a quietly enthralling movie, full of unexpected moments.  Criticized by some for its running time, I reveled in the leisurely pace which allowed time to relish the scenery and enjoy the pauses in the conversation.  Highly recommended
 I gave this is a gift and them loved it, told me it's a really good movie and can see themselves watching it many times in the future
 Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make an excellent combination in this Old West seting. Great story line with excellent acting. If you like westerns, you will love this.
 I never get tried of watching Robert Duvall movies.  His sense of fairness and compassion comes across in every part he plays.  Thomas Haden Chruch's performance in this movie made me like him a little more.
 I have seen a lot of westerns and this one is right up there with acting, authenticity and western feel. Action and beauty, along with the great camera work, capture the true west. I know...I was raised in Wyoming and Colorado, branding, driving horses, cattle and even sheep(which was usually done by the Basks...as the movie depicts...and living the cowboy (not citified urban) life. It wasn't easy, but they were the best lessons I've ever had. This movie touches on sooo many of the real situations, type of talk and attitude that was prevelent at that era. Don't miss the chance to take some quality time and let yourself ride in this wonderful film. Robert Duval and the complete cast is magnificant....Happy Trails To You, Pardner!...enjoy "Broken Trail I picked this up as part of a buy up of cheap BD titles on Amazon that had semi-reasonable reviews and proper HD audio tracks (this show having not screened here in New Zealand previously)... Very impressed for a 2-part TV mini-series... Both Robert Duvall & Thomas Haden Church really seemed into their roles and bought a believability to their characters of two (rare) decent humanitarian frontiersmen (Uncle & Nephew), who still aren't perfect, and (as a result of their lives on the frontier) are still prepared to kill when there is no other option. Set at the very end of the Old West era (1898 - typically the massacre at Wounded Knee in 1890 is often considered the official end of the Old West as it was the end of the plains wars with the Native American Indians, but some areas remained unchanged right into the 20th Century), it starts in Oregon and heads north & east through the last untamed area of America at the time and eventually into Wyoming, as Duvall & Haden Church drive a herd of horses to market to make their stake money to buy ranches/land and start new lives...  This is a good solid western, with a strong humanitarian story, and a reasonable amount of harshness and bad luck as well. Duvall & Haden Church face numerous challenges, ethical dilemmas, and life threatening dangers during their journey and for a TV Mini-Series I think this is presented very well and keeps the story moving from one event to another without being unduly hasty... There is also some excellent (dare I say sumptuous) scenes of, well, scenery! The Blu-ray image quality seems very good, and several scenes made me want to start planning a trip to the US just to go up to the North West & Canada to see it for real (most of the movie is filmed in Canada I believe).  Highly recommended for anyone who is a Western Fan or such like... I bought this on a punt (i.e. knew nothing about it except what was on Amazon website) and am really pleased with the buy - will definitely watch it a few more times over the next few years... I didn't even realise how many awards it won or got nominated for, until after I had purchased and watched it!  Based on true events too, apparently...
 I have been buying from Amazon now for 2 years and they have never been late on a promised delivery time.  Now that I am buying Blu-Ray DVDs, Amazon is the only way to go.  If you buy 3, you can save enough on one movie to pay to for shipping, so you get 3 for the price of 2 at Wal-Mart or Best Buy.  Also, you can't find this title locally.  This is a under-rated gem of a film.  Reference quality transfer with just a few specks.  9 out of a 10.  Very good picture quality, even in the low light and night shots.  Excellent story and character development.  Audio doesn't use the rear surround speakers much though, about the only knock against this film.  Audio on the front is very good with dialog always easy to hear.  This is a definite buy on Blu-Ray if you like westerns.
 Great Western, highly recommend. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church both did a great job with this movie.  It had a nice switch with it dealing with them driving horses and come across 5 Chinese girls that they save from being sold into prostitution and many adventures along the journey.
 After all the westerns ever made, you'd think that they'd run out of good ideas after a while. But "Broken Trail proves that there is still life, and fresh blood, to be seen in THE American film genre. The three-hour film finds an uncle and nephew running a herd of horses to Wyoming, and unexpectedly become guardians of five Oriental women meant to become prostitutes. The journey that they all take together is a truly fascinating one, which has never been covered in this genre before. While the storytelling and cinematography are great, the two highlights are the casting and the music. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church are fantastic as the two male leads, and well-deserved the Emmys they won for their roles. The strong supporting cast, of which there are too many to name here, do fantastic as well. The score by David Mansfield and Van Dyke Parks is truly memorable, and adds to the strengths of this epic piece. As a fan of the western, I truly enjoyed "Broken Trail. If you enjoy this genre, and the acting talents of Duvall and Haden Church, then you'll enjoy it as well. Movie/DVD Grade
 This is wonderful movie where the cast fits "hand in glove.  Words cannot describe how uplifting, heartwarming and refreshing it is to see a movie that focuses on compassion and care for others such as this, rather than the ad nauseum sagas of the self-centered, surgically "beautified celebrities of today.  Robert Duvall has starred in many movies that depict real people in realistic life situations, always with a villain we "love to hate. MORE PLEASE!  M.L. Paxton
 What a pairing-Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  This was an example of intelligent movie making.  So realistic.  Moments of violence and tenderness were indicative of the many contrasts in this movie.  To have the Chinese females as central to the journey was realistic and clever.  After watching this movie many times I regained my faith in the movie making industry.
 Duvall is king, for a western actor. Very well done movie if you like the westerns like I do. Worth a view you wont be sorry for the time spent.
 I'm a big western movie fan and have not seen a western of this caliber for some time. This movie winds up the Robert Duval westerns that started with Lonesome Dove. Thomas Haden Church did a great job of being a convincing good guy with a rough edge and spirit. The movie itself has a new spin with the introduction of the story of the injustices that were suffered by illegal Chinese immigrants during the time period depicted in the movie. Gwendoline Yeo plays the leader of a group of young ladies smuggled into the country that are sold into slavery for the purpose of prostitution. The good guys save them from the bad guys just like in the old westerns of years ago. Thought prevoking good entertainment!
 Broken Trail is a wonderful movie.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are brilliantly cast as the main characters.  The scenery is beautiful and very picturesque.  I've watched this movie time and time again it is so entertaining and the ending is perfect.  Wish Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church would pair up in another western.  They were terrific!
 This is a great move. It is an honest rendention of life during this time frame. The charactors are not heros but down to earth people doing what they know is right and just. I highly recommend this move for all family members to watch together.
 I don't care about some western movies, but htis one was excellent to me it is a western with a little drama
 I loved this movie, as did my husband. I think Robert Duvall is a great actor and there was a lot of feeling in this movie. You can bet we will be watching this movie many more times.
 If you love Robert Duvall's westerns, you'll want to own a copy of this classic. Makes one wonder why the major studios can turn out so much chaff, then this indy production (read Duvall production) for AMC trumps so many others. But that was how Lonesome Dove came to be as well. OK, this doesn't have Tommy Lee Jones, Danny Glover or Anjelica Houston, but this sharp Canadian job nails the plot, acting and overall production very very well.  Enjoy it, we did!
 As usual Duval was superb,as was the rest of the cast.I felt I was there.It gave me the sense of the time and space of those early days of the west.A sad story in many ways,but beautifully told, and directed.The scenery was as only the west can be, magnificent! I will watch it many times with great affection.5 stars of course.  M.P. Ormsby. Wollongong.Australia.
 ASIN
 A really enjoyable movie in the same vein as Lonesome Dove, great outdors effects and stunning scenery, the acting is first class, excellent story line, very authentic attention to detail, and to cap it all off an outstanding performance from Robert Duval and all the actors in the movie. All the ingrients of a first class western, certainly gets my vote.
 Robert Duvall knows exactly what he's doing in these two films (Broken Trail and Open Range).  Beautiful scenery that is reminiscent of the "Old West is supplemented with a basic story-line that shows the intracasies of life on the "open range".  Duvall knows how to act and authenticate his role, especially in "westerns. He IS a cowboy, rancher, businessman and man with a "heart in his role.  The surround sound is magnificent, complete with peals of thunder and the crack of lightning, blasting from separate speakers (if your system is set up correctly). The crack of the pistols and rifles and thundering hoofs of the horses is realistically passed through the audio track(s) of these movies.  If you love "westerns", the way they SHOULD be, make these two films part of your collection.  Your grandkids will love you for it!
 Robert Duvall can gallop into a western without much in the way of preparation, such is his natural affinity for the genre.  Not surprisingly, he delivers yet another convincing and satisfying performance as the uncle who inherits his sister's estate and then strikes a deal with his nephew to set things right.  It's not the typical conflict of western epics, but good enough to set the story in motion and bring it to an odd but worthy conclusion.  Thomas Haden Church as the rejected son is the real surprise in Broken Trail.  While his character is low key, the honesty and humor Church delivers is far from it.  In every scene he persuasively portrays a man who responds to his situation with quiet strength and pragmatic acceptance of the outcome. Beyond stellar performances, the film offers great production which includes beautiful scenery and attention to detail.  There are moments when the story seems to noticably slow down, but this strikes me as purposeful.  The scenes in between story movement are what give it depth, and contrast the ugliness of human subjugation with the gorgeous landscape in which it takes place.  This is a rare film that stands up to many repeated viewings without ever becoming stale.
 Wonderful Movie. Great acting, great plot. This was a gift for my husband and we both really enjoyed the movie. Robert Duvall is one of his favorite actors and this was a superb performance. We both enjoy westerns. This movie did have some foul language, crusty old men type, but not an overabundance of foul language; we did however watch in using the Guardian.
 It's not rated but it's not for young kids because of some brief nudity. A big part of the movie is forced prostitution. There's also intense violence. I really wish my sons could watch this because the story is GREAT. Some hardened cowboys come across some utterly helpless young ladies and do whatever it takes to take care of them. This is classic, perfect Robert Duvall. It's gritty and completely realistic. The rest of the cast is good too.
 Good story, terrific script.  Well cast - everyone is really good.
 I was so happy to see this story again and what made it even better was the dvds were in great shape! No skipping, no scratches, no damages what-so-ever.
 An excellent movie with gritty characters.  The action is raw, matter-of fact, sometimes violent. But that's the way life is. The scenery is great. Broken Trail is a long two part made for TV movie so don't get confused when you see the credits rolling half way through.  Just hit the can and when you come back part 2 should be playing. If you like watching horses this is a good movie.
 A very touching, often profound, tale. Robert Duvall has been simply outstanding. And Ah! The landscape made me feel leave everything behind and pick up the trail, sit by a campfire, and talk to the stars. You will like it; a western film with so much humanity is rare. Most western films touch or have touched some mythical need--hero, savior etc. This one does something different--as if it tried to touch the time in tries to portray, necessary ruggedness does not loose the fact that deep down, undercurrent of emotion, tenderness still flows. Good show. Watch it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the humanity that the story conveyed which was so weel put across by ALL the actors and actresses. Duvall is tops, Haden-Church very good and the chinese ladies were wonderful. The shots of the mountains and general country scenes were uplifting. A great movie I will treasure.
 I haven't seen this DVD, but I saw the mini-series when it was broadcast and agree with all the positive comments -- including that it is better than the more famous Lonesome Dove.  One thing I haven't seen mentioned here is that it gets my vote in Movie FanFare's recent "What's the all-time best movie shootout? poll.  I hit rewind on my DVR about four times just for the pleasure of watching the shootout sequence over again -- by itself that sequence elevates this to Western Classic status. Splendidly done!
 received movie broken trail in very prompted time and was in very good shape, made a nice add to my movie collection
 My complaints about "modern western movies is that they often have no heart and I often stop watching before they end. Broken Trail was done as a television mini-series and has plenty of heart and soul and I've watched it through to the end many times. The breath-taking cinematography, the hard-hitting action and the heart-warming characters make this movie experience seem much shorter to me than the actual 3 hours.  The one minor problem I have is with one reference by Ritter to the Rosetta Stone..and I have my doubts that a poorly educated cowboy of that era would have ever heard of the Rosetta Stone....but that is just my problem with this otherwise wonderful and believable story.   I liked Lonesome Dove as well as Open Range, but Broken Trail is my favorite of all Robert Duvall's masterful western character interpretations. Print Ritter (Robert Duvall) and nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming and manage to adopt a small herd of needy people along the way. The interaction between the two stoic cowboys (I also loved Church's character interpretation as the unappreciated but worthy nephew) and five abused Chinese women plus one abused white prostitute grows as the movie progresses. If I had written the story I would have given it a happier ending...but perhaps the continued tugs at the heart strings simply add to this movie.
 I love Robert Duvall, and believe that the only actor who does cowboys better is John Wayne - but that is probably generational.  This is a two bags of popcorn movie.
 `Broken Trail, ` brainchild of Walter Hill, is an old-fashion western, the good guys win out in the end albeit not without a close call.  The white-hatters in this film---played by the amazing Robert Duvall and relative newcomer, Thomas Hayden Church---prove their rough-hewn goodness by rescuing a wagonload of Chinese girls bound for a life of degradation in the mining camps of Nevada.  What gives this film a refreshing twist is its portrayal of frontier women, especially that of prostitutes.  Moreover, the plight of Asian-American women on the frontier is a story rarely told.  During the Gold Rush years, many young Chinese girls were sold into veritable slavery by their impoverished families.  Sent to the new world, such unfortunates were sold into mining camp bordellos where a short and humiliating life awaited them.  The portrayal of the frontier prostitute in this film differs greatly from the romanticized image of bon-vivant dance-hall girls.  `Broken Trail` captures the desperate existences and untimely deaths of these `soiled doves. ` Rusty Schimmer`s portrayal of the cynical, hard-hearted madam, Kate `Big Rump` Becker is pitch perfect.  Her selfish malevolence knows no bounds as she hires a cruel whore-beater, `Big Ears` (Chris Mulkey), to find her girls at any price.  Duvall`s character, Print Ritter, enlists the help of his nephew, Tom (Church), in herding mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming.  Along the way, they rescue four Chinese girls from their vile enslaver, not sure what to do next.  Reaching town, they look to relinquish their human cargo.  Yet, they soon change their minds.  Realizing what awaits the girls, they pack out quick, girls in tow, along with another `lady of the evening` seeking refuge from despair.  Nola Johns, (Greta Saachi in a very believable performance) soon catches the eye of the crusty old salt, Print.  Despite his definite attraction to Nola, Print proves to be an awkward suitor.  Duvall gives a complexity to Print, revealing a wounded heart, a broken past, and a shy exasperation with women in general.  `Broken Trail` upholds certain Western stereotypes while upending others.  Yes, there`s the obligatory shoot-out at the end, mercifully short, but well-done.  And yes, Print does ride off into the sunset, alone.  Yet, Tom shows a new side of the cowboy archetype.  He and one of the girls, Sun Foy (Gwendoline Yeo), finally admit their long-denied mutual attraction and ride off together.  Based on a true story, `Broken Trail` entertains and edifies like a good western should.  Evil is vanquished (with some difficulty) and we are reassured of our innate goodness.  More than anything, the film gives voice and presence to those previously absent in most westerns, primarily women and Asian-American women in particular.  With its gritty portrayal of what women really endured on the frontier, `Broken Trail` is a must see.
 To begin with, you can't go wrong with Duvall and Church together in a western. This movie has it all. Must see and worth buying.
 Another great job by Duvall and Church.  Unique story line and for once a decent ending.  Overall, a really awesome western.
 Broken Trail is now one of my favorit movies. I loved the scenery shown of America's west.  The story is a good one about a man and his nephew who while on their way to sell horses they round up from the wild for the Canadian army, they incounter and rescue a group of young girls from China who had been unknowingly sold into prostituion to a mining camp Madam & her coherts.
 Great cast, good story and great photography make for a winning combination.  Duval is great as usual but so is the rest of the cast, much better than most TV westerns and well worth the time.
 Duvall at his best with a great performance by church.  Great acting all around with a superb story line that "keep your attention".  Beautiful western scenery with a good solid positive ending.  Good video and sound.  One of the best recent western. Entertaiing and satisfying.
 Just finished watching this superb movie last night, and (like a kid), I'm tempted to watch it again! But I'll wait- so that I can enjoy it more, since I'm not a kid!   This is a great adventure in the "real", earthy, tough, no-holds-barred, sometimes bloody way, not unlike "The Culpepper Cattle Co.", another great fairly recent depiction of the Wild West. In my opinion, this is far more enjoyable than movies like "Unforgiven and "The Wild Bunch for it's story.  The story is touching, exciting, suspenseful, and sometimes humourous- in other words, everything you would expect from a great movie! And, it certainly helps to have fine acting, great cinematography, sound, and amazingly beautiful scenery. I'll not try to tell the story- I'm sure other reviewers have. But I think you'll enjoy this movie even more if you stop reading reviews all the way that attempt to describe the entire movie from start to finish, even giving away the ending! (Why the hell do people do that, anyway?!)   Anyway, for a special treat, (if you're in to the occasional "marathon type movie night), try watching this back to back with "The Culpepper Cattle Co. Either way, enjoy!
 This is just a great movie. Mr. Duvall and Thomas Church are just plain excellant in this movie.  Your "cowboy good over evil.  A cowboy does the right thing.  You won't be roped on this one.  Buy it, I'm glad I did.
 EVERY WESTERN WITH ROBERT IN IS BOND TO BE GREAT. HE IS ONE OF THE LAST EXCELLENT ACTORS LEFT. ACTORS WHO CAN PLAY A ROLL WITH SUCH REALISM IS RARE. I WISH HE'D LIVE FOREVER. I MISS JOHN WAYNE AND STEVEN MCQUEEN AND THEIR KIND!
 I borrowed "Broken Trail from my brother. I watched the first disc and couldn't wait to see the second half. Then I cracked the disc while pulling it out of the case. Oh no!  Rules of borrowing
 The movie was excellent.  I bought it because none of the rental copies were in good shape and we couldn't watch the whole movie.  When I got my movie from Amazon the beginning of the movie was not in good shape but once we got past the first few glitches it was fine.  Barbara Pryor
 I loved this movie almost as much as Lonesome Dove.  Robert Duvall is excellent, as always. Supporting cast are all very good. Not your average "western". I would recommend this movie to anyone who cares for the genre.  I vote it a "must watch film.
 Just as art is eye-catching, and models are the objects of art, "Bellissima captures beauty in multiple ways. The story is incredible, the music is very fitting, and the film as a whole is exceptional cinematography.  The film is about a mother that wants her daughter to excel as a model. The mother's life revolves around the success of her daughter. The daughter, however, is not entirely thrilled with the idea and her mother's determination. Several events come full circle, leaving one with a sense of irony about their lives and the twists of fate.  "Bellissima is a quick watch, and never boring You are bound to feel sympathetic for the daughter as her life takes several unexpected turns. "Bellissima is emotional at times and perfect for those who enjoy dramatic films.
 A humble and discretely poor woman , starred by my beloved Italian Actress in any age
 Here are five frightfully funny adventures with Casper, his friend Hairy Scary and the crime-fighting duo Mini and Maxi. The friendly ghosts travel backwards and forwards in time to deal with prehistoric cavemen and outer space criminals. They teach Mean Muscle McSnort some manners, make an appearance on the Tommy Starson T.V. show, and meet the glamorous Zsa Zsa Amour and the thirsty Count Fatula.  Includes the following cartoons
 This movie totally blew me away!!!! It has incredible animation, gothic sounds to make the movie feel just right, the scenery was breathtaking, and to top it all off the plot was just amazing!!! Every anime fan dreams about how good their movie would be if everything was perfect - well this is it!!!! Total Perfection!!!! Go see it at the theater!!!! Just do it!!! Now!!!!!you won't regret it!!! I couldn't stop talking about this movie with my friends all day at my job...AND NEITHER WILL YOU!!!
 I had a lot of high hopes going into the theater for this movie.  It exceeded those hopes in a glorious fashion.  I loved the original, the sotry, the art, everything.  So when I heard that Bloodlust was being played real close to my work I went to see it.   Amazing.  I am a true believer that the original is always the best, but this blew the original right out of the water.  The art form, the story (which was great because, I was wondering where the bloodlust was coming from, and when that was revealed the true nature of the story came in). Excellent anime.  I will definitely be seeing again in the next couple of days.  And, when I hear that it will be coming to DVD I will have my pre-order set.
 I'm sick and tired of everyone complaining that the anime was not in Japanese.  It was NEVER meant to be in Japanese b/c there is only one version.  Even the original is in English.  The plot is excellent as it stays true to the original and the animation is second to none.  Most will tell you that the original was better; however, I disagree.  The voices are pretty good, although not the best and the audio is very good.  I recommend this to everyone of my anime customers.  The action is excellent and I can't think of another anime movie that is more deserving to spend on than this one.  In times when action anime movies are rare, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is a true gem to buy.
 Vampire Hunter D
 I must admit, I didn't expect this movie to be that great.  I am a fan of the original, but I know that it isn't the most well done animation piece.   However, within the first five minutes of Bloodlust, I started falling in love.  By the end, I knew that I had to go out and buy my own copy.  I absolutely adore this movie.   The story is multi-layed and complex.  There are no definitive good and bad guys.  I was rooting for all the characters, even though I knew that, in the end, things couldn't possibly work out for everyone... Absolutely amazing animation and music complement the enthralling story and supperb voice-acting.  There are scenes in this movie that are absolutely gripping--you'll want to watch them over and over.   If there is one anime movie that is worth buying, Vampire Hunter D
 I bought this DVD without any prior knowlege of Vampire Hunter D. I never even saw the original Vampire Hunter D, but this movie is spectacular. The visual is just stunning. The movie would looked so much better if you could of watched it on the big screen. This movie contain nice action scenes, beautifully fluid animation, and a great story. Watching this movie, it seemed more like an American animation rather than Anime. It wasn't violent like Ninja Scroll, but it was just as good. Although this movie was drawned by a Japanese guy, the movie is an American production. So this movie contain no Japanese dialogue or English subtitle. It just in plain English dialogue, but the voice acting was well done. The Extras contain the usual things in most DVD, but more of it. I just wish it had some Japanese music. The music from the Japanese version trailer sounds great. Overall, VHD is a very entertaining movie. The end made me wanting more. I wish there was more information about D's background.
 I've seen this movie in japan the story line mixes old and new traditons on the beliefs with vampires. A great revisal yet new twist for the Vampire Hunter D collections which actually features over 100 stories. great updated CG grafics a start for new breed anime movies. If you liked the origanal 1985 version, you'll love the new  BLOOD  pumped into this one.
 Maybe one of the greatest animation films ever an amazing opening & plot...this film wastes no time & Vampire Hunter D goes through tremendous development as a character...plus the animation looks fantastic & the fight scenes are top notch
 The original D was a tour de force, such an original take on vampire hunters that anyone who saw the movie remembered it decades later. Now D is back and even tougher than before. The animation is simply amazing.  The crumbling crosses in the beginning really set the mood of evil and terror. What starts out as a kidnapping turns out to be oh so much more. The plot develops smoothly, giving little away beforehand. Soon you'll find yourself conflicted, then cheering for the vampire that D is hunting.  The end is another totally new twist that M. Night could learn a thing or two from. The villains, merging of vampire magic and technology, and D - all combine for another fantastic to this Dystopian far future where vampires rule the night, and D brings justice with a sword. And this face thing in his palm.
 When you see this movie you will think, "Ultra cool.  The delirious pace is one of the best things about the movie, but the characters are also well developed, the dubbing is good, the animation is great, and the situations are surreal and, well, ultra cool.
 Created by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano, Vampire Hunter D has emerged as one of the iconic figures of Japanese literature. His dark, apocalyptic future have thrilled readers since 1983. The 1985 anime adaptation, "Vampire Hunter D", further ingrained the Dunpeal Hunter in the public's consciousness and remains a cult classic. In 2000, fans were thrilled to learn that Urban Vision Entertainment was bringing D back to the big screen for a second animated outing.  "Vampire Hunter D
 Adapted from the third Vampire Hunter D book by Hideyuki Kikuchi, this was an international production done in part by American anime distributor, Urban Vision. Unlike some other companies, Urban Vision actually put forth its own moola to get anime made, in much the same way they did for Ninja Scroll
 It's an awesome movie. If you like anime, or just animation in general you'll enjoy this movie. Its an awesome movie and an instant cult classic.
 Art wise & story wise my favorite animated movie.  The visuals of the crumpling crosses and arrows falling like rain are incredible.
 With some fantastically elegant animation and great adaptation of the original Novel, Vampire Hunter D
 Though brilliant and original in it's art, the first Vampire Hunter D was over, and I was still waiting for it to begin, rather.  But in this movie there was some character development lacking in the first.  It was not bloody at all, to my mind, and I go to exteme lengths to avoid stepping on an ant.  The only fault was perhaps that the romantic vampire lover subplot was kind of sappy and over-used, but Vampire D was even more cool and enigmatic than before.  The whole vampire thing has been flogged to death by popular culture, but if it's done well it's still good.  They obviously spent more time thinking about it this time.  I can't wait for VH3!  You gotta love the possessed talking hand...  Also, the dvd lacked any extras like subtitles, for the hard of hearing, or alternate languages, but now I'm just whining. ;)  P.S.  The sword-lazer gun mix makes it a good gift for lovers of history or science fiction...
 Way better than the first.  The quality of animation is incredible as is the action.  The characters are very cool as well.  This movie has gotten me and a few of my friends interested in watching anime but none seem to compare with this movie.
 With his postapocalyptic world and medieval cowboy look, Vampire Hunter D is undeniably one of the coolest vampire-slaying antiheroes out there.  And the cool fact gets ramped up in "Vampire Hunter D
 This anime is definitely NOT childish as stated in some reviews. The character of the movie is hidden in the tiny little things all through it. It does a great job in representing a myth combined with all the flaws and desires in human psyche. Strong, artistic and unique, it remains one of my most favorites.
 This movie is a good example of the best of anime, complete with some of the flaws common to anime.  The animation reflects a facet of the peak of cell-drawn animation.  It may not be the most fluid animation, but--for anime--it is relatively dynamic.  The art of the background scenes the character designs and even the character animation is quite beautiful.  The soundtrack is excellent and could easily stand toe-to-toe with the soundtrack of any lavishly produced Hollywood blockbuster.  Of course, there are a few minor problems with the plot, some of the storyline developments seem a bit unlikely, and some of the dialogue is unintentionally hilarious.  These problems are not quite as obvious in this movie as in many other anime movies, however.  I found this movie extremely enjoyable.  I would suggest watching the original Vampire Hunter D as well.  It's not as good as Bloodlust, but is still a rather enjoyable movie and a good example of earlier anime.
 je voyais toujours ce dessin anim&eacute; au magasin et j'avais entendu dire que les graphiques &eacute;taient  &eacute;coeurants . Avec les critiques sur Amazon, je l'ai finalement achet&eacute;. Et je n'ai pas regrett&eacute;. Vampire HUnter D m&eacute;rite d're connu! Les dessins et les d&eacute;cors sont extr&egrave;mement d&eacute;taill&eacute;s. Il suffit de regarder l'ouverture du film pour en re convaincu. La musique est tr&egrave;s belle et &eacute;voque les anciens films de vampires. Il y a un je-ne-sais-quoi de m&eacute;lancolique dans cet univer post-apocalyptique o&ugrave; &eacute;volue D, un dhampire (un re mi-humain, mi-vampire)qui doit retrouver la fille d'un riche bourgeois  enlev&eacute;e  par un vampire notoire. Cette fois, D a de la concurrence
 i really thought this is one hell of a movie i only bought it because i read a few reviews on here and thought i'll chance it but it's awesome im gonna collect more anime 
 I've recently started watching anime and yes I have all the essential anime's from Ghost in the Shell, Akira, Ninja Scroll, Jin-Roh et cetera but Bloodlust is my fav out of those.  I'm not a huge vampire freak either.  I'm was takin by surprise by how well this flick was done.  I could go on to explain this movie but  bottom line - just buy it.  you will not be sorry.  Great addition to any collection.
 I liked this anime alot.moth the story and animation is nice. The half human-vamire continues walking,he enters a town that had many vampire hunters, here a woman has fell in love with a vampire count and they all try to free her and clean the place of the rest of demons. Its a horror anime so its not watchable always but its truly a classic.
 D is back and is already on is way to [stardom].If you have saw the first series you will love this film, it has all that makes an anime brilliant. Re vamped animation and fight scenes that will make you're pet monkey crall to the corner of the room. In other words this is a must see anime.
 It is not often that a sequel is something that truly justifies being related to the original work. Bloodlust takes the mythology created in D and adds to it without spoiling any of the mystery. We still wonder as to D's true motivations. Is he really a hero? Or has his seemingly obvious hatred for vampires and their kin driven him to destroy those with whom his natural inclinations surely lay. D rarely uses the true power that is contained within him. It seems as if he haates even being able to tap into the vast power that is his birthright as Dracula's son. The characters and the world created in the D universe are truly amazing. While set in the same universe, Bloodlust is suffienciently differentiated from the original by a faster pacing and a more revealing storyline. As the characters journey through D's world the viewers learn much more about the complex world which has evolved in that dark future. The production values of the movie capture the original spirit of Vampire Hunter D and can only give rise to a greater appreciation of the moral struggle that must be taking place with D. How can a being like that not go through most of the day without feeling that he has no place in the world that he is helping to create. All in all I can highly recommend Vampire Hunter D
 Some people seem to think that this is a remake of the original Vampire Hunter D.  It is not, this movie has a new story with the same burdened hero.  The animation is very different and much more like the newer styles than the original VHD.  The story does seem to hold its own and there are still some great fight scenes.  I think I might still like the original a little better, but I was not at all disappointed by this movie.  If you liked the first one and the animation style of newer movies like Spriggan, then you will enjoy this movie.  keep the faith, dEx
 This movie kicks...!  Art, music, voices, story, ect.  All of these deserve 10 stars.  This movie is even better than the first.  And sequals always blow ass.  But this one has broken that chain.  This story always kept me interested.  It was paced out perfectly i think.  The other thing about it, is that you don't have to see the first "Vampire Hunter D movie to understand this one.  That's why it is so good.  I still recomend seeing the first one though.  By doing that, you'll have a better grasp on the character D and where he comes from.   The digital art in this is also an A+.  Normally I don't care too much for it, but in this movie it is great.  For any anime fan, this is a must have.
 A word comes to mind when watching Bloodlust
 This one is as great as the first. Lots of action and some romance.
 Vampire Hunter D
 The original Vampire Hunter D is an Anime classic, much like Akira.  This sequel is by no means a let down.  The story and animation are excellent.  If you've seen the first Vampire Hunter D, you need to see this.  If you're new to Anime, both this and the origianl should be on your must see list.
 I can't say that I am the biggest fan of anime, but I can say this... If you love vampires, action, love, blood and a good story then bloodlust is just for you.  For those who have seen the first of Vampire Hunter D, there was more action then there was plot.  In this movie there is now a more in depth look at the characters and it actually involves a love story!  Even if you are not into all of that blood and gore I still strongly suggest that you see this movie at least once.  There is never a dull moment and it has a very detailed plot line.  Just watch it, you may be surprised( I was).
 To sum the movie up in two words
 If you have seen the first Vampire Hunter D, then you are probably wondering if this is any better than the first one...  Overall this movie is really, really good
 In one word amazin.g The Cell count on this aniem was so high, the budget so large.. you cant help but oogle evry scene at the impecable detail they added into everey single frame! without a doubt one of the best anime ever.  One note tho. NOTE FOR KIDS/CHILDREN UNDER 16!!! Many bloody scenes, adult scenes (no nudity), and lots of death... but then again.. if you have scene the first D move you will understand.
 ... This movie is great, and there's a reason why D's facial expression never changes
 A nice sequel for an all time classic anime. Brilliant animation with a great storyline make this an awesome anime altogether. All anime fans owe it to themselves to get this now.
 ...I HATE dubs.  But Vampire Hunter D
 I really prefer this flick better then the first movie, the first was good sept this one is a whole lot better cuz of the lengh, good voice overs for the characters, good animation, and a better story. So if u haven't seen this flick yet go and see it cuz it's awesome one of the best animes to come out on dvd this year  so i recomend this to any anime fan or a fan of the original, and also to people who dont watch anime.
 This is more of a response to one of the reviews I read. The guy gave it 2 stars because it didnt come with his precious japanese vocal track. Normally I'd complain too... except I noticed something. The DVD comes with the trailers for the japanese and the Vietnamese versions. Both, I repeat BOTH of the trailers had clips from the movie in them amd were in english... which means it was MADE in english. The only japanese or vietnamese that was spoken was the parts done by a native narrator like every movie. That's why it doesnt have the japanese dialoge... there never was any. But I could be wrong.
 This has to be the best anime and best vampire movie I have ever seen.  PERIOD!!  First off, the animation is just out of this world, it is leaps and bounds ahead of anything I've seen except maybe Ghost in the Shell.  It was just so crisp and clean.  Second, I have never seen a movie where the music just fit so perfectly.  I literally had goose bumps at some parts.  Third, the story is great.  Now like others have said it does have a few parts that you sorta have to quess on what's happened or how it's happening but it's nothing too major.  Fouth, The characters are just great and have real personaltiys and their not just cookie cutter.  Now on some of the other reviews people have said how they prefer the japanese voices and that they were dissapointed that they aren't in the movie.  Well guys I hate to break it to you but there aren't any japanese voices.  The voices for the characters were all done here in the states and the movie was never done in japanese that is why you can't have japanese dubbing.  I personally don't think the voices could have been done better, they just fit every chracter.  So all of you that don't own this movie go out and buy it right now!!!!!
 I don't write a lot of reviews here, and I wasn't planning to write one for this DVD, until I saw that someone gave it a bad review because it was English-language only.  Obviously, some people don't know about this, so I feel the need to explain.  The movie was originally dubbed in English.  The Japanese director and producers made this film IN ENGLISH, so there is no Japanese language version.  There never was one, so there's no way to put it on the DVD.  Japanese people have had to watch it in English with Japanese subtitles. Okay, now that that's out of the way, I just have to say that this movie is terrific.  It is a little bit sappy at the end, but what tragic romance isn't sappy?  It has great pacing, spectacular action scenes, amazing art, and convincing voice acting.  This movie does everything right.  Even people who don't normally follow anime will like this movie, and that's a promise.
 This movie is one of the best animes I've seen in a while.  It has absolutely stunning visuals.  The plot is a little complex, but not so much as to be confusing like many other japanese movies.  The character development did leave a bit to be desired, but they did craft a plot with a few more subtleties than the first Vampire Hunter D movie. Voice acting is top notch and, for those of you who seem a little confused, the movie was only recorded with an english voice track. (Much like parts of Blood
 I'm a big fan of the first one. A classic in every sense of the word. But this new one does more than just pay homage... it improves on the animation, and story of our favorite gothic half-breed. And lo and behold, the hand was actually funny! Well, when he wasn't taunting D, that is.
 First off, this movie was created with english voice actors.  This movie was not originally dubbed in japanese.  When the movie was premiered in Japan, they watched with Japanese subtitles.  Now after clarifying that, I'd like to say that I was so impressed with this movie.  I loved the original Vampire Hunter D movie and I felt this was a huge step up.  Both movies are classics for there time.  The first is not as impressive artistically yet can still be appreciated and even praised for being so much fun now.  But Bloodlust blew me away with beautiful artwork, amazing landscapes, and very creative characters and monsters.  The voice talent was also impressive and the storyline, yet thin was very gripping.  I also felt that the way this movie was compiled, reminded me of Ninja Scroll.  So if you were a fan of Ninja Scroll, give Bloodlust a shot, or vice versa.  Enjoy.
 I liked this better then the first flick , its not the same story its different.Its got a good plot,good length and flow to the story, cool characters,& the animation is awsome. So i recomend this to any anime fan out there
 this is by far the best anime movie i have ever seen!!!!!!!!
 Yep, I think that that title would easily say it all. This movie far outclasses anything else save Miyazaki that I've seen before, and I am a huge anime freak. In fact, I'd have to put it easily above Princess Mononoke, and that's saying alot. If you've seen the original, forget all about it. This movie will blow you away. Bloodlust is sleak and dark, with beautiful character designs, scenes and music. The plotline will leave you reaching for tissues more than once, with it's fated love and tragic heros. My favourite scene is either when D and Leila are in the rain together, or when Meier and Charlotte are on the bridge at sunset... oh, but the "sand manta's are awesome too.. None of this movie is cheap "filler animation. The producers squeezed every bit of gorgeous stuff they could into it, and the english voice actors do a fantastic job. I especially appreciated D's voice, it was a perfect fit. PLot
 I can only sum up this movie in one word...WOW
 Knowing the difference in time between this movie and the first American release of Vampire Hunter D, I kinda like this one better. I have them both and watched them in a row, but this one just clicked more. If you loved the first one, or are an anaime fan in general you WILL love this movie.....
 I've seen so many Animes, they all seem to be blurring together. This one shown out through all the rest, the animation is amazing, with a mix between digital 3-D computer animation and high quality hand drawn. D, is a very interesting character. You won't ever see another character like him in another anime, except of course for the first Vampire Hunter D. You'll be placed at the edge of your seat as Vampires, and various demons cause havoc for the the main characters of the film. There's plenty of special features, including tons of Previews for other animes.  Take my word for it, from a guy who's seen about every anime humanly possible, this is a stand alone masterpiece.
 I just realized the original Vampire Hunter D was made in 1985, thats almost 20 years ago!  And sweet Jesus has animation evolved since then.  The first thing you'll notice about Vampire Hunter D
 The first VHD movie tried to stay true to the source manga but failed due to budget constraints. This movie however is as good as it gets, the characters appear in the correct lineup this time, and the voice acting is much better as it was originally created for english speaking dialogue (the japanese had subtitles this time). There is significant use of CG (computer Graphics) but this is totally un-noticeable and helps create perhaps the best looking anime ever made, even surpassing Ninja Scroll and Ghost in the Shell. MADHOUSE STUDIOS is my favorite animation studio, the did Ninja Scroll, X, Vampire Hunter D
 Vampires, Futuristic weapons, love, war, Good, Evil....This DVD has it ALL!  Storyline is excellent and original.  Brings an interesting twist to the vampire legend!  A+++++++++ in my book!
 I just finished watching VHD
 This movie is ASTOUNDING!  It is a visual treat as well as an intelligent one.  The characters are well thought out and the movie's pace is non-stop.  This film is far superior, in terms of production value, to the original.  This film doesn't have heroes and villians in the traditional sense, but more like a prospective choice between the lesser of two evils.  Mata Yamamoto's art is fabulous! Yamamoto simply outdoes himself with Carmilla! Not to give away the story line, BUT female villians like her don't come around very often.  The DVD brings a whole new feel to the movie with the behind the scenes feature and the storyboarding aspects that enhance this epic's value. If you like Anime, or even if you are a fan of Yamamoto's previous work for the Final Fantasy games, you won't be let down. Nice Hat indeed!
 When i first saw Vampire hunter D, i thought it was the best anime i had ever seen, in my opinion the animation was amazing(i saw the movie in 1991, the movie was made in 1985). It has absolute everything
 Now I don't own this DVD but I have seen the movie. It is the same story as the first Vampire Hunter movie, a duaghter of some guy gets kidnapped by a vampire and he has to get her back! But D is in competition with another group of people to find her. The animation in this movie is amazing, I mean its great! The atmosphere is good and dark like it should be! The monsters are better looking, the characters are cooler and Vampire HUnter D is much better, his voice is better, his horse, his skin color! Please if you have seen the first movie and don't feel like watching this because the animation wasn't good enough for you then try this out (not to say the first D movie wasn't!).
 With D, the character of renowned anime status from the original Vampire Hunter D film, ans his symbiotic hand, this was an excellent experience in the theatre. The art is incredible, and the story unique, as well as having the gothic-tech feel of the original. This was, in my opinion as good or better than the original movie, I recommend it highly to all anime fans.
 I  had been waiting for years for a follow-up to my favorite horror anime,  Vampire Hunter D , and it has finally come, looking far better than I expected.  The visuals are a mix of the original movie and  Ninja Scroll  (in fact, Yutaka Minowa was the character designer/animation director for both movies), the latter of which being my favorite anime.  The music is classic, although not quite as memorable as the original.   However, the two problems I had with the anime are the story and the characters.  The story's not bad, just not as good as the original and very predictable.  The characters...well, let's just say there's no Regancy (or anyone close).  Leila was paper-thin, boring and a worm (what's with the sideburns?), and I was just waiting for her to get killed off.  Hand was a huge disappointment, annoying and cowardly; I was really hoping D would cut him off sooner than later.  The others were decent; Meier stood out because he was visually well-designed but again, didn't stand out personality-wise.   All in all, I give this DVD a 4.5 (it would be nice if some of these anime DVD's included original character designs); I'd recommend it for any anime fan, if not simply for the visuals, but all in all it's fun to watch.  But MAKE SURE to watch the original first.
 I recieved the movie in a timely manner in the shape that is said it was in which was great. I have no complaints at all it was a great transaction
 If you are into anime and vampires than Bloodlust is a MUST HAVE. This is something you will want to watch over and over again. This is a movie you don't want to end.  *slight spoiler warning*  Unlike in other vampire movies, this one has a twist. The vampire that steals the girl actually loves her.  ****  The action, the passion, the comedy. It is all there; Bloodlust has the whole package. You will not be disapointed.  If I had to criticise the movie it would be that there is no part two or that it is not twice as long. Seriously, this movie is that good.  I'll be buying another since I lost the last one I had.
 One day I went down to the movie store and rented this movie. I was thinking OK a half-good movie to pass the weekend. I watched it and I was like WOW! The graphics were amazing! O_O Meier Link was one of the coolest characters in anime. And D was just awesome. The plot was amazing as well. I watched this when I was 13.  I strongly recommend it to any anime lover.  I'd rate it for 13 and up
 I was totally blown away by the Animation and story line. The music needed to be as charismatic as the first VHD, but it does the trick. This is a must have for Anime and Gothic fans. D seems more sullen and tortued than the first one. This added a nice mysterious touch which leaves his character open to many more adventures and suprises.  After watching it over and over, I found new nuances each time. The original (if there ever was one) japanese track should have been included. The voice over acting was sufficient but had tell tale signs of translation problems, (can you say crouching tiger).The DVD case and cover is pretty cool too. I'm hoping to see more adventures of VHD, keep them coming!
 Before going deep on this review something must be made clear as there are lots of reviews that are not being acurate on this point
 The original Vampire Hunter D was one of the first movies that got me hooked onto anime, Akira being the first. I hold it in a warm spot near my heart, for numerous reasons. Sure, the animation isn't that great, but I believe the original Vampire Hunter D is about more than stunning good looks. It is a tale of  overcoming social boundaries, doing what is right and struggling to find out what 'right' truly is. Vampire Hunter D
 I saw this movie in the theater (Shocking!). It was sooooo good. The first movie was a bit goofy but this one was great. The plot, the Bishies, the coolness. I would sugest it to any one and every one!
 This is the best follow-up I've ever seen! As a sequel it stands alone. On it's own it can hold without the previous movie. Originally I was under the impression this was set before the last movie. After seeing I understand how people can get the misconception. The imagery is exquisite and the characters are real. You have to appreciate the way anime doesn't WASTE time with cheap songs to sell their art...I'm not jaded because of anime, it's the facts! If you love animation done right you'd never watch another Disney cartoon again. This might make you change your mind like I did, long ago.
 To all anime fans, I have seen alot and alot of animation so far and Believe me nothing like Vampire Hunter D-BloodLust at all, I admit it there are some GREAT ones as well such as
 OK NOW I'AM ONLY 13 BUT THIS MOVIE KINKS SO MUCH A** THAT YOU WILL CREAM YOUR PANTS. NOW I KNOW THAT IT IS AN ANIME BUT IT KICKS SO MUCH IT'S MORE OR LESS A 2 ONE THE FIRST ONE WAS OK IT WAS NOT THE BEST BUT FOR IT'S TIME I GIVE IT PROPS.  BUT IN THIS ONE THE VAMPS TRY TO KILL THE VAMP HUNTER.  PLUS THERE IS A LITTLE BACK SIDE OF A WOMEN SHOWING THAT MAKES ME HAPPY ALRIGHT.  SO IN ALL ONISTY I RECOMAND THIS DVD IF YOU LIKE VAMP MOVIES.
 What's hot
 This movie flat out rocks. Tons of evil characters and heroes that have their own unique special abilities. Almost identical to ninja scroll, but in the Vampire Hunter D universe. Buckets of blood to go along with stunning animation...This is what anime was made to do!
 I bought bloodlust and it just happened to be a japanese import. When I popped the disc in it started playing the original movie. Thinking the seller sent me the wrong disc, I was about to return the movie, but when I stopped it I realized there was a selection for bloodlust!  It turns out both the original and bloodlust are on the same disc!! Incredible, what luck!  All this and I bought it for only 10 bux!! As for bloodlust the movie, it's just as incredible as this disc!
 THIS THE BEST OF THE BEST IN ANIME
 Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust is a definite anime classic! It boasts outstanding animation, exciting action scenes as well as a solid plot of a dramatic story and very interesting characters.  D, a famous "Dunpeal or "Dhampir a half-human, half-vampire bounty hunter, is hired to rescue a woman named Charlotte abducted by the vampire Meier Link. Also after the same bounty are the Markus Brothers, Borgoff, Kyle, Nolt & Grove as well as Leila, a young woman with a deep hatred for vampires. Along the way, they encounter the mysterious and menacing Barbarois and ends in a final showdown at Carmilla's castle  The dvd also includes the featurette of the making of the movie, theatrical Trailers, TV spots, Urban Vision trailers and Fans' Favorite Picks.  This dvd should be in every anime fan's collection!
 Ah, yes, Vampire Hunter D-Bloodlust. This is an excellent movie to watch, and it's one you'll want to watch multiple times just because it's so good looking! Done in 1993, this is one of the best-drawn/animated movies I think I'll ever see in my entire life! The basic plot is that Vampire Hunter D is the son of dracula and a human mother, called in the movie a Damphir(pronounced
 I don't give it 5 stars .. i give it freaking 10. I absolutely love this movie and it shocked the hell out of me. I though it was going to be a regular vampire killing vampires movie and you know, nothing much but blood and fights which seemed fine by me. But then I watched the movie and of course it has blood and fights (oh so good!) but there is also the complexity of "D and the other characters .. they're all so interesting in their own way, that just made me care about the plot within the movie much more. THE ENDING ROCKS !!! I abso freaking lutely loved the ending ... just watch it and you'll know what I mean .. dammit i wanted to hug himm lol
 The rate system only goes up to five, but it deserves so many more stars.   The story is simply breath taking, the detail and quality of the animation is superv. The sound and voice acting is also of A+ quality, the dark and misterious "D is without a doubt one, if not THE most incredible anime character ever created.   From the opening scene to the action packed ending you will not want to miss a moment of it. The whole story about the vampire race is so depresing and well told, its simply amazing.   Complemented excellently by the sad love story. Dont wait another minute and deny yourself the pleasure of watching this excelent piece of anime.
 I cannot say why. It is, after all, animated. There are few animated full-length films on my best-100 list. Nevertheless, Vampire Hunter D is on my of-all-movies, top-10 list.  I am not knowledgeable enough to rate the animation. Maybe the most important thing is it is not evident after the first few viewing minutes; the movie just becomes an engrossing story. Animation only comes to mind afterwards; when something is obviously better done through animation than special effects (somewhat as black and white goes away after a few minutes of Young Frankenstein or Casablanca and comes to mind only when you think back on the film and realize color would not have been an asset). Bloodlust has fabulous characters and a story complex enough and good enough to draw you in completely. It is much better than the first film.
 I've always been a big fan of anime, and its somehow the allure of  vampire'y  themes that make such titles interesting. Many fail to live up to the hype, such as the original Vampire Hunter D in my opinion, but this one is just awesome. There's something about D's taciturn nature, and how Meier Link is evil, or is he? Nothing profound in plot, but the action is fast-moving, and if you think hard enough, the usual philosophical themes in almost any anime is there. Excellent anime for the general public, if you don't mind the gore.
 This is one of the best looking animes I have ever seen. It's a great improvement from the first movie and it has some cool digital effects. I'm no spoiler so I'll keep it simple. Vampire Hunter D
 I went into this film expecting to see some good visual art, but not knowing whether the story would be any good. It was incredible. It had all kinds of begrudging  courtesy  between the competing hunters, and a continuous effort on D's part to appear to be a bad guy, while actually being good. There's also the standard tragic doomed love affair, etc. for the chicks to enjoy.
 D returns in this action packed follow up to the original. One thing you will immediately notice, is the clean animation. There is a great mix of C.G. and hand drawn cells. The story of D and his life is a sad one. Wandering through time seeing those around him die and fade away, as he remains unchanged and fighting for those that hire him. Just the thought of D lets you know he has an extensive past with many dark adventures. Leila, a young bounty hunter, is after the same thing D is after - a young girl stolen by a vampire. Little do they know the problems that this girl causes. There is true love blossoming between the girl and the vampire, and that is among the most interesting turns of the plot. She wants to stay with him. Like I said, the action is awesome. One of my favorite's is when one of Leila's companion's uses an arm bow, slinging hundreds of arrows up into the air, then fall from the sky in a rain. Totally cool. You can see how far animation has come since the original, not that the original looked bad, just a tad dated. Also it was welcoming to have widescreen, which the original is not. Also the action is a little more discernable. You can easily tell who gets killed, and why. In the first it was a bit shakey in that area. Also, a much changed and more quirky. Funny stuff. Bloodlust is a great follow up to the original. Enjoy!
 Vampire Hunter D
 VAMPIRE HUNTER D BLOODLUST  The Vampire Hunter D films have always been some of my favorite animes ever; there is no doubt about it I am a huge fan of these stories. I have bought all of the books and such and while I have not read them yet rest assured I will and will most likely review those as well. But that aside I have loved this series since well before it was a series [the films I mean, I know the books are a series]. The first one just blew me away the first time I had the pleasure of viewing it so you know the second this was released I went straight out and bought it. Like I thought I enjoyed this one just as much as the first film, I don't know what it is but I just love this series.  D is back and this time he is hired to go after a vampire by the name of Meier Link, who has kidnapped the daughter of a wealthy man who has hired all the help he can get to get her back. So D id off and running [or riding, what ever] to catch up with them and get her back to her family. Little does he know that another group of hunters are already on Link's trail and do not appreciate D, it makes sense since he is the competition. This group is a bunch of guys and one girl called the Marcus brothers, a interesting bunch but none have any thing on D. even if that wasn't bad enough Link has a group of nasties of his own like Benge who can travel threw shadows, Caroline who is just as evil, and Machira the werewolf [real interesting guy here]. And if that wasn't enough there is also a place were Link will be protected by the world's rejects the Barbarois. Add the bloody Countess Carmila and you have a big test for D.  This is fun follow up to the classic first film and in my eyes is just as good, I love both no matter what any one else thinks. Like I said about the first animation has played a big factor for a lot of people but to me the better production values fit the romance story of this one, because that is really what this film is. The first film was about the evil of this world while this one is about the beauty that could be, a vampire and human in love. I like that the first film is mainly about D were as this one seems more like an ensemble piece. I mean sure it can get a little over done but hey I look at it like the more characters there are the bigger the body count, that just may be me though.  I also like that while brief there is a little e history to D in this one, when the old man remembers being rescued by D as a child. Perhaps that will be in a later film And if so that sounds like it could be a good tale, it might be one of the books that I have, I really need to read them. As for D you all know that he is insanely cool and mysterious and not one for talking that much. Meier Link is a cool enough looking vampire but he is one of those old school looking vampires, he can get vicious over his girl though. His girl Charlotte Elbourne is totally in love with his vampiric self and even wants him to bite her, crazy. They plan to fly away to the stars to a place were their love won't be forbidden.  The brothers Marcus are an intriguing bunch with one being the tough guy leader, one the hot shot, another wielding a huge weapon and one that while deathly ill can take an interesting course of action [check it out]. Then of course there is the female Leila who kinda plays [but not really, does that make sense] as the love interest to D even after various run ins with him, love the ending. Then we have the villains of the film like the Barbarois who are a bunch of crazy looking fellows who have vowed to help Link. And then of course there is Link's personal guard like Benge, Caroline, and of course our werewolf friend Machira. Still when it all comes down to it none of these characters are the bad guys, at least in a way because each is doing what they are doing for a noble cause [at least in their eyes]. It is the Bloody Countess Carmila who is the real evil of this film, see for yourself.  I recommend this film to any and all in fact you don't even have to watch the first one [even though you should] to enjoy this one. They both make for good stand alones but I recommend you buy both. This is an excellent anime and worth every penny.
 Vampire Hunter D Bloodlist has got to be one of my favorite anime movies of all the time. The animation is beautiful, the soundtrack is awesome, the voice acting is terrific, the characters and story are original and most important of all... This anime sets the bar for vampire animations. Bloodlust blows the first movie out of the water with ease. D gets more fleshed out in this movie. The real shame here is that there are so many novels for Vampire Hunter D (this movie is based off of the 3rd novel) and so few movies for them.
 It has a few flaws, but Vampire Hunter D is so fantastic it's style beats the flaws.  The flaws are thus; 1.  The sound goes from too quiet to too loud too often.  This is intentional, but not good. 2.  They talk about money in Japanese terms.  Imagine if Americans talked about money if a penny was the standard unit of currency?  The high amounts they talk bespeak; "Well it's post nuke so they all can loot open banks, but why bother? 3.  They use the term "Dunpeal for D, which is a mistranslation of "Vampyrr and/or "Dhampire".  Not everyone bones up on vampire lore, but the latter two terms are intuitive to an English speaker who's seen even one vampire movie. 4.  Just a minor note, but the Sheriff Leila "Flirts with has far more importance in the book, relating to both her treatment by her brothers and the ending.  Now, this movie differs from the book a lot, but I think they did an overall great job with this adaptation.  Benge, the Clouphobia inducing shadowmancer, is far more deadly and scary in the movie.  He also uses a technique not used in the book, but in it's prequel "Raiser of Gales".  The Marcus Brothers are portrayed as being slightly more than brutal thugs, flattering from what they behaved like in the book.  Then again, if they'd animated their mistreatment of Leila, well it would have probably launched a talk of a crackdown like the infamous movie theater showing of "Urotsukidoji"...  Of course what really steals the show is the love of Meir Link with the woman he's kidnapped and D's hateful pursuit of them, being motivated far more than by money.  I'd have added Carmilla in the movie in my complaints, except it sets the scene for a much more gothic/romantic ending.  Also, vastly improved are the "Barbaroi and Grove's powers. (one of the Marcus brothers)  On fictions that have "Monster is a monster hunters I go "Come ON, why? but D is such a fiction that pulls off an innovation, now wretchedly cliche genre.  I'd encourage both the films and to read the novels.
 Of course the first Vampire Hunter D was made in the 80's, but it was still great animation, anime always is. But, this one is much better, and the story is actually better too. A vampire love story. I'm not giving anymore away.
 Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust - is what an anime horror, action, adventure, vampire story should be.  A twisted future, with swords and guns, ruins and rockets, vampires and things that go bump in the night.  The setting is an Earth in the far future.  The very far future, an Earth that is just starting to recover from the past, where vampires are starting to die out.  The focus of the story is a vampire who has fallen in love with a human.  Now they wish to escape from everything that hounds them - the changing Earth, the girl's family, hunters.  Great artwork, good character design, good flow to the story - everything you could want in a movie.  Even a cool twist at the end.  The English caste voices are supplied by such greats as Wendee Lee, Debi Derryberry, Dwight Schultz, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and Michael McShane.  There seems to be no Japanese sound track.  In fact, it seems there may never have been one. The disc has a few extras, such as a Behind-The-Scenes featurette, trailers and storyboard to feature comparison.  But the treasure of the disc is the anime, so get it new or used.  Great for anime lovers or vampire lovers.
 This anime movie is really exciting with a very vivid plot and a dark sort of twist to the story.  It is defiantly a dark romance.  I have to say that the animation in the film is exceptionally well done and the scenery is absolutely haunting.  It has a very gothic feel to it.  The vampire hunter known only as 'D' is technically half-human and half-vampire.  When a wealthy woman gets abducted by a vampire, D has to go try to bring her back alive without having been transformed into a vampire, of course dead if she has become one.  The story is mainly about his journey to find the missing girl.  But the one question is, did the girl go willingly with the vampire?
 This anime is one of my favourites. For starters, the animation is unbelievable, so many details, it looks it took forever to animate. And then there's the plot, original, interesting and constantly flowing, just what you'd expect a sci-fi/fantasy anime to be.  Two thumbs up!
 My title says it all. If you liked the first movie,(heck, even if you hated the first movie) or have no idea what or who Vampire Hunter D is...you should buy this! To watch the first movie is nothing compared to this masterpiece of a anime film.  I recommend this to anyone and everyone. You can't get any better than this people. Really. Also, read the book Vampire Hunter D
 Like the title of my review says WOW. I had seen clips of this in a making of the animatrix doc. and thought Hmm interesting. I was blown away. I watch alot of films...ALOT...but this was new, fresh and exciting. You are propelled through the story, not carried not pulled or pushed, PROPELLED. It chops most of the vampire stories i've seen or read into nothingness. This film was so amazing i immediately went out and got the original. And i was let down beyond imagination. BUT this was animated, acted (in both languages) and scripted out of pure fairy-dusted genius. I kid you not. I gave up a large amount of the animated film world because it all seemed the same and all seemed so childish...with some notable exceptions...but this was amazing. i pity the fact that there are people who won't see it because its an animation, that's how good it is. No matter what you like, what you watch or even if you ever watch animation, WATCH THIS it is money incredibly well spent!!
 ..........a more incredible team to bring the latest Vampire Hunter D story to life? Our wandering vampire hunting bad*** has been hired very reluctantly by a local aristocatic family to rescue a woman kidnapped by an ancient vampire named Meier Link.  But D has some competition in this particular mission.  The Markus Brothers, a team of vampire hunters with advanced technology hope to beat D to the prize.  But after a brief encounter with Meier Link, D begins to suspect that the realtionship between Link and his abductee might not be what everyone assumes.  Very dramatic with an outstanding orchestrated soundtrack, Vampire Hunter D
 I'm not a huge anime expert or anything, but I own a fair set of movies and series dvds. I like Bloodlust.  It's a standard-length movie, lasting only a few hours, but it's easy to get into.  It's got decent music and nice artwork.  The characters are really interesting, but I won't reveal anything since the movie is so short. Overall, it may or may not be worth your money.  This the only English release anime dvd that I own, mostly because it costs a lot less for the Japanese version from places like animetoysonline.com.  I like it and consider it worthwhile, because the english cast is pretty good and the dubbing is very well done.  It never looks like a godzilla movie.
 Following in the footsteps of such invincible characters as Vash The Stampede (Trigun) and Alucard (Hellsing), comes D, a dunpeal (half vampire) bounty hunter. This is the second installment chronicling the adventures of D (the first being the original Vampire Hunter D). D is a killer of few words and even fewer friends, though he is not without a sense of honor and goodness. Initially, the plot is relatively mundane; Charlotte, your typical damsel in distress, is abducted by a powerful aristocratic vampire named Meyer. D is commissioned by Charlotte's family to bring back Charlotte, either dead or alive. At this point, this anime distinguishes itself from the pack when this seemingly predictable plot churns out a few signficant surprises that keeps the story running at a smooth, enthralling clip. As to what makes the movie so smooth and engrossing can be directly attributed to Vampire hunter D
 This is the sequel to the original release back in 1984, This time D is out to save a young woman kidnapped by the vampire meir link. The animation is as good as anything I have ever seen in anime. It ranks up there with Ghost In The Shell or anything else of this caliber. The music this time around is astoundingly good, it really made the movie and the plot is also very interesting. D is drawn to look very sharp in this movie, the detail in his face is exceptional, very smooth and fluid. Most anime is drawn to give good facial expression to bring across emotion, but D is about the best I have ever seen (this time around). For any anime fan, this is an absolute must have for your collection.
 This has everything the first movie had plus more.  This is the same great characterization but with awesome animation.  This has awesome music and a totally kickass opening.  Probably the best opener to any Anime movie I've ever seen!  BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS!!
 I have always been a fan of Vampire Hunter D, but I couldn't have even hoped to expect what I saw when I finally sat down and watched Bloodlust for the fisrt time last week. I was amazed by the excellent animation, the beautiful anime artwork, and the totally interesting story that Bloodlust had to offer. VHD was the first anime I had ever seen, and that was nearly 8 years ago, but it is still one of my favorites . . . However,  Vampire Hunter D
 I just have to say that this is absolutely one of the best anime-movies I have ever seen! The storyline is brilliant, and the graphics is really outstanding. If you are a fan of anime, I strongly advise you to add this masterpiece of film to your collection.   D  has been hired to track down Meier Link, a powerful vampire who has abducted a human woman. D's orders are strict - find Charlotte, at any cost. But he gets some competition. The Markus brothers are also hired for the same bounty. D must intercept Meier and conquer hostile forces in a deadly race against time.
 It's good generally for beginners interested in flamenco. There is a lot of information so you would have to take it all in in small increments. For those who are more advanced in "flamencology,  there is also a great deal of interesting history and detail that I know you can't possibly know unless you've lived and worked in the flamenco world in Andalucia. The alphabetical format is easy to follow- & it's just as it suggests- a dvd dictionary. The artists demonstrating all the cante, baile, & history are pretty good for demonsration purposes only. Don't get the dvd expecting to see the greatest dancers and singers of all time but if you want to learn terminology, styles, and styles within the styles from different regions- it is very recommendable. For serious students of flamenco- it's not very entertaining where you are glued to the t.v. but you can learn immensely from it & it should help you better understand this genre of music & lifestyle. I give it 5 stars for the educational material. Ole
 Truly liked this informative video.  Nicely made...I recommend it to those who want to know more about flamenco.  Enjoy and...Oleee!!!
 this DVD is very educational. Perfect for the flamenco dancing and musci student. One learns things about the genre that takes years to learn/understand in the classroom setting.
 This movie is what the 1990s action movie on-a-budget, was all about
 NANA is a story about two girls with the same name who randomly meet while going to pursue their dreams of making it big in Tokyo.  The NANA most folks know best is the singer who dreams of having her band - The Black Stones - sign with a major label and rock out in front of sell-out crowds.  Her friend, Hachi (their nickname in the story for the non-singer Nana) dreams of finding her perfect soul mate and love in the big city.  There is more to the adventures of these two ladies but their friendship is the glue that holds the tale together. The music is VERY GOOD - it stands alone which is unique for some anime shows -  and I recommend this series for anyone who likes strong characterizations, good writing and excellent music that fits in the storylines!
 I love this show! It's one of my favorites. And this box set is amazing!!! I can't wait for the new ones to come out!
 To the point,  NANA provides such a riveting story and character development that supersedes all predecessors in the genre.  The characters all possess a unique personality that can be easily differentiated from one another despite the abundant cast count.  The relationships that form/break and how these situations unfold provide the story with depth and has influence on the overall mentality of the character affected directly such such events.  The writers did a wonderful job coinciding all the affiliates within the anime to mesh and have significant influences upon eachother.  NANA is a fresh of breathe air w/o the unnecessary over dramatization (like chobits) and keeps the viewer engaged till the end.
 I was very intoxicated by this series. It is incomplete though. But if they add another season I'll buy it in a heartbeat. -Jult Warfell
 This movie was amazing. I watched an interview dvd with the doors prior to it, and this was taken exactly from what they said. Every inch of this movie was from the mouths of the real people, so accurate and he really looks like jim alot in this.
 Thanks to the unbelieveably meticulous direction from Oliver Stone and the hypnotic sublime performance of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, The Doors is an undeniable masterpiece of film. The late 60's and early 70's era is re-created brilliantly as we see the rise of a young Morrison who went from a poet to being the frontman of one of the defining bands of the century. Kilmer's performance must be seen to be believed (he looks, moves, and sounds exactly like the late Lizard King), and he is clearly the most underrated actor of his generation. An all star cast is brought together with Frank Whaley (Pulp Fiction) as Robby Kreiger, Kyle MacLachlan (Blue Velvet) as Ray Manzarek, Kevin Dillon (The Blob) as John Densmore, and Meg Ryan as Jim's long time girlfriend Pam. The rest of the ensemble cast includes Michael Madsen, Michael Wincott, Billy Idol, and Kathleen Quinlan. All in all, this is one of the definitive films of the 90's, and is a must own for fans of The Doors or Kilmer alike.
 this video is a must have for anyone who enjoys the doors. Val Kilmner's portrayal of Jim Morrison is the best thing that he has ever done. you will swear that he is posessed by the spirit of Morrison. Meg Ryan as Pam completes this tale of late 60's drug crazed rock and roll. Get it you won't regret it.
 This is a great movie. If you like the doors or EVEN if you dont like the doors it's still great. It has a lot of the doors songs on the movie and  also great TRUE facts although some are false. If you haven't seen this  movie I advise you to.
 Last night's bargain-rack movie was "The Doors, a film by Oliver Stone. If you enjoy rock 'n' roll and the life-style that seems to be associated with it, then you might enjoy this film. The Doors were a rock group whose leader, Jim Morrison, was a beach dude from Venice, California, and who's personal theme song was "The World Owes Me A Living. Jim met up with another Venice beach person who liked his poetry and first thing you know a couple other guys joined and they put together a band which quickly became popular. It was on to Whiskey A Go-Go, a Los Angeles dive for up and coming bands, then on to San Francisco, a recording contract and off to New York City, all in a very short time span. Burning the candle at both ends became a way of life. The Doors fame quickly grew and their records hit big-time and the funding rolled in. Jim Morrison's ego quickly inflated to mega-proportions and he began to hold everyone in contempt, his venue owners, the police, his loyal girlfriend, his band-mates and, ultimately, even his fans, while he proclaimed that life wasn't worth living and that he wanted to die. His intake of intoxicants was prodigious and he favored hard booze, guzzled straight from the bottle. His shows gradually became intoxicated brawls until, finally, he died of heart problems at the old age of 29. Okay, I've glossed it over a bit but that's the general gist. It's an interesting story and the general outline fits more than one rock group.  The movie was quite excellent. Well done! The acting was believable. You could actually feel as if you're a member of the entourage and are going through this ridiculous rise and fall right along with Morrison and the band. Most of the Doors songs have faded with 60s memories, but it's good hearing them again in the context of the times.. The Doors have become music critics legendary darlings so a lot of interesting extra materials are included on a second disc. It's a worthwhile DVD packet, whether you liked the Doors or not.  Gary Peterson
 Val Kilmer, who plays Jim Morrison of THE DOORS plays the part that was designed, and created for Val and only Val to play! No other actor on Earth could portray this musician, James Morrison. Jim Morrison was the rock of cock, he was the poet the man who knew how the right type of drugs could enduce his mental mind to the point that no other rock star on Earth can or has done since his time.  However, Jim was also a spoiled rotton egotistical greedy self centered punk who centered only upon himself. His fame was his death. He thought he was above it all. His drug and alchohol abuse killed him. He mentally killed his only love that loved him through thick and thin, Pam. His beloved. He had an affair with this woman who is a wanna be witch in real life and who in real life is nothing but the tramp that ruined Pam and Jim. He whored on Pam and Pam turned to Herione.  Watch this true movie. Watch what I see.  See if you see what I watched.
 This movie is really great. Val Kilmer deserves am award for his portrail of Jim Morrison. All the actors that played the Doors were awesome because Val really sang and the other guys really played their instruments. If you love the Doors and Jim Morrison then you will really love this movie. Also with the help of the remaining Doors Oliver Stone made this movie true to life and according to the facts.
 what can i say, a classic movie about a classic rock band on high def blue ray.....get it.
 This is the best rock movie ever made. Oliver Stone is the most talented filmmaker of all time. This is a film he gets less credit for, but it was very personal to him and brilliantly done. First of all, he nails the life of Jim Morrison, the story of The Doors, and the L.A. Scene (1960s) as perfectly as it can be done. It is beyond nostalgoia, it is time travel. As great as Stone's use of Doors songs, scenery, drug use and beautiful, heavily-decorated '60s California girls is, it is Val Kilmer who does this turn its proudest. Kilmer probably gets to the core of a real person as thoroughly and realistically as any actor who ever portrayed actual folks. Next on the agenda, you have to love Frank Whaley as Robbie Krieger and Kyle McLaughlin as a spot on, irritating Ray Manzarek. To those of us who really studied Morrison and The Doors, everything is flawless. The film also conveys the essence of the bar scene, particularly Morrison urinating at Barney's Beanery, which used to be a real rock hangout before it turned into a cafe. The feeling watching "The Doors switches between a longing for the romance and excitement of the rock life these people led, and revulsion for the drugs and immorality inherent within it. Love my girl!
 Great music, great concert camera work, and great acting by Val Kilmer. The only real negative is the focus on Lizard King persona, and not enough real Jim. But overall worth watching w/ the volume set on high.
 This was the part that Val Kilmer was born to play. The music in the movie just makes you trip away from the very beginning. It's fantastic. I love the Doors. This is a must have for any Door's fan.
 Great movie and performances from all.  Not sure why he didn't get a nomination.. must have to any collection
 you love oliver stone or hate 'em but for this viewer The Doors defines rock music in the 60s better than any other movie. it's a stone trademark to get career-defining performances from people and in this case Val Kilmer gives one of the best performances of his career. Kilmer's transformation into Jim Morrison is uncanny. The music is used artfully and the editing is fantastic. The only false note is the casting of meg ryan as Morrison's wife. Otherwise a beautiful immersive movie.
 Formed by Jim Morrison and Ray Manzarek at a night on the beach after Jim read some of his poems to Ray, The Doors became one of the greatest rock bands of all time in the late 60s. Jim Morrison was one of the first rock n roll rebels and wrote some of the darkest, deepest songs ever ("The End", "Strange Days", etc.) Even Iggy and the Stooges and the MC5 started a band themselves after being mesmerized at a Doors concert. The band started in 1965, and released their first album in 1967, and sadly the original band ended in 1971, due to Jim Morrison's unfortunate death.  Oliver Stone's film is more about Jim Morrison than the band, to be honest. Val Kilmer's performance is so convincing, you'd think you're watching Jim in the film (and in some shots, you are!). It has been said that even the surviving Doors members had trouble distinguishing Kilmer's vocals from Morrison's own. Val Kilmer should've at least been nominated for an oscar. The actors playing the other Doors members (Kyle MacLachlan, Kevin Dillion, and Frank Whaley) have some screen time, but as I said, the movie is basically about Jim. I think this is an excellent bio-pic, but some would disagree. So, check it out if you're a fan, or even if you aren't a fan. It's a masterpiece. Oh, and Oliver Stone is an admitted fanatic Morrison fan, in interviews he has said that he views him as something of a god.
 If you love The Doors, you need to watch this film. It's absolutely amazing. Full of many songs from The Doors and other bands of the era, it paints a picture of the band from the very beginning until Morrison's death. Val Kilmer gives an outstanding performance and slips into the role of Jim Morrison with no problems. You're tempted to think it IS Morrison. Meg Ryan is wonderful as Pamela Morrison.  I highly recommend this movie if you are a fan of The Doors. I can't get enough of it.
 The doors is a fantastic film about the great 60's rock band "the Doors and front man Jim Morrison. This film talks about how the band got started and how it ended. Val Kilmer deserved an oscar out of this film. He looked, sounds, and acted like Jim Morrison. Oliver Stone made a perfect choice casting Val. I've never really heard any of the doors music, but this film (like sid and nancy) got me in to them. This film realy catches the scent of the 60's. Peace, love, naked, marijuana, and etc. This film can be depressing watching it but is realy amazing. It can be funny also at the same time, who knew Jim was funny.  The second disk includes a featurette, trailer-teaser-tv spots, deleted scenes, road to excess-a deep and dark look at the heart of the film, comentary, and much more. The only thing that disapointed me buy buying this film is that there are no subtitles. Some scenes are really hard to understand. Other than that you need to go pick up this dvd. You wont be disapointed except for the subtitle draw back.
 I have the Stone Complete Boxed Set (full set) - and this movie is not anamorphic or even what they call "enhanced for 16x9 TVs.  So when you play it, bars not only appear on the top and bottom (not as a big deal) - but they do on the sides as well (this is BAD)...so you have to zoom it to fill out the 16 x 9 TVs.  Supposedly the 2DVD Doors special edition that came out in 1997 (orange) - said it was anamorphic this time, but is it true this was not really the case as everyone found out?  And so - does anyone know if this new edition (purple) is truly amamorphic or enhanced for 16x9 TVs.  I know it isn't HD, but anamorphic...you know what I mean?  thanks!  UPDATE for FEBRUARY 20th!!! - it IS TRUE ANAMORPHIC!!!  Thanks!!!
 Looks brand new, not a scratch on the DVD. One of my favorite movies so it was totally worth the $3!!!
 Being a huge Doors fan it was entertaining. Oliver Stone did a great job with the scene feel. Val Kilmer did a phenomonal job as Jim, even satisfactorily vocaling some of the live concerts. If you have read some of  the books about Jim, ie. No One Here Gets Out Alive, you have noticed they  did not show the artist side of him as he was in real life. They show more  of the depression and self destruction. Also, Patricia Keneley was two  people combined into one character. Even so this is a great film of the  rise and fall of James Douglas Morrison.
 Having lived through the era in which this takes place, all I can say is WOW trippin' down memory lane!!!
 Wow, this is a very good movie.  Even if you consider yourself only somewhat of a Doors fan, you gotta admit this is one mighty fine movie.  The guy who plays the Jim Morrison character looks so much like him it's not even funny (and with the Doors, it's never a laughing matter).  You will learn so much about the band, and specifically Jim Morrison.  I like how he found his girlfriend in the beginning of the movie.  As for the Doors music, you will hear PLENTY of that throughout the movie.  A variety of songs throughout the first six studio albums, and even some surprising lesser known songs can be heard at times, such as "Love Street and "Five to One".  I wasn't expecting to hear those songs.  The story of how "Light my Fire was created is a really good one too.  The constant drugs and drinking that Morrison did is all mentioned and detailed here as well.  Also, the part where the Doors weren't allowed to say "girl you couldn't get much higher from the famous Ed Sullivan bit is included.  I like how Ed wanted the band to be happier and not so gloomy when they were sitting around in their dressing rooms and waiting to go out there and perform, haha.  We can look back and see the Doors simply didn't WANT to be the happy cheery type.  I guess Jim Morrison was shy at first and didn't want to perform in front of big crowds, which explains why the first performance the Doors ever did, Jim had his back to the audience.  That was interesting.  My favorite part is when Jim Morrison actually thought he wasn't a very good singer, and then he starts singing to the band members and... WOW.  Are you kidding me?  The guy is a BRILLIANT singer!  Overall, this is great great stuff.
 Highly entertaining film about the Doors rise to fame.  The music is great.  Not to be missed.
 This film takes you through the history of the Doors starting in Vanice Beach California where they break through and rise to stardom.  Perfectly cast Val Kilmar as Jim Morrison and his girlfriend Meg Ryan take you through the wild, ride of the life of Jim Morrison and his band.  Along with the evolving music of his band and the rising drug addiction that influenced the future of his life. It flows through the timeline showing all the true aspects of Jim's poetic personality.  Fabulously portrayal of Jim Morrison and very entertaining.
 Although I have never agreed with drug use at all, I have always enjoyed the music of Jim Morrison and the Doors. (and many other groups of the 60's and 70's)... I also love the acting ability of Val Kilmer, and he is awesome in this role. The movie is very well made, the music is fantastic, the storyline is wonderful, yet so sad... I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who likes the Doors...
 For those of us who grew up in the 1960s, this is a wonderful film.  It genuinely evokes the sense of newness and possibility of that time, that all old forms could be swept away, that we could live love and rock and not worry about the future.  Of course we were wrong, and those who embodied all the hope and excess, like Morrison, paid the price with their lives - they were drunk, drugged out, and many eventually died of it.  Looking back on it, I feel amazed at how naive we were, how arrogant, but then, we were children and youths, affluent and feeling that the possibilities literally were limitless.  This film accurately portrays that feeling, both in its pathetic over-reaching, but also a lot of the beauty of it.  This is the best Stone film by far, and I wasn't even into the Doors.  Warmly recommended.
 Brilliant. The film starts out with The Doors, and then takes on a life of its own, becoming a cult object in the process, an objet  d'art, breathless, entwined, twirling, obsessive, relentless, varicoloured...It's like a sex act that feels unbearibly good and creates expectations of a final, musical, passionate, finale.
 If you just want to have a good time and not worry about details related to biography, this is the perfect The Doors movie.
 This review refers to the Artisan Special Edition(2disc)DVD of "The Doors".....  Become immersed in the wild ride that Oliver Stone takes you on in this legendary film of a legendary rocker.The extrordinary  life story of Jim Morrison, played eeriley by Val Kilmer, will keep you mesmerized and stay with you long after the movie has ended.  The film explores "The Doors", from their beginnings in Venice Beach, California, where they exploded onto the rock scene,breaking the mold of music in the 60's, to their rise as superstars. Morrison's life is the main focus as a senstive poet type dropping out of film school, to becoming the Peyote addicted,culture shocking, philosphical rock idol.The LSD trips, the visions of this genius, his personal life and of course the famous controversial concerts are all told through Stone's unique cinematic magic.  You'll get lost not only in the time setting of the story but of course in the music as well. "The Doors electrifying music is heard throughout the film and follows them chronologically on their journey. It's a film for fans of the cinema and music alike.  As mentioned above Val Kilmer is uncanny in not only his performance as Morrison, but seems to take on the physical appearance as well. The band members played by Kevin Dillon, Kyle Maclachlan and Frank Whaley are extraordinary in their portrayals. Meg Ryan, in a very dramatic roll as Jim's girl Pam is brilliant. This "Special Edition DVD is the one to have(and it's not as expensive as the other) It's a 2 disc set, with a fabulous widescreen picture, and a 5.1 Dolby Dig(get to this through the special feature selections) audio track that will blow you away. Lots and lots of special features. On the disc with the movie you can listen to Stone's commentary where he fills you in on how the band met, the genesis of the songs, and where he has taken license with the story. The second disc is filled with featurettes and production notes. Looking at the Technical info for the other edition ("The Collectors") it seems to be longer by 30 minutes and may have some extras not included with this one, but it is not in the 5.1 which for me was the deciding factor in this film featuring this exciting soundtrack.  So get out those mood rings and leather fringe vests and get ready to rock with "The Doors"..... "This Is The End"...........Laurie  also recommended
 'The Doors' were one of the greatest rock and roll bands of the sixties and the quintessential California group of the decade. They so embodied the West Coast counterculture experience that viewing this biographical film about Jim Morrison and The Doors also provides a fascinating view of the cultural and spiritual forces that drove Jim and that entire generation to challenge the status quo of the American mainstream.  What exactly is the true story of the life and death of Jim Morrison? Is it the story of one of the many rebellious young adults of the time who in looking for an alternative way of living got lost along the way in the drugs, alcohol and sexual freedom that so dominated that culture? Or is Jims' story a deeply mystical tale announcing the rebirth of ancient shamanism into the collective consciousness of the twentieth century? The story of someone chosen by the spirits to bring the 'old ways' to a new generation looking for something to fill the spiritual void brought about by the loss of belief in the Christian God?  Director Oliver Stone has played the mythmaker to perfection in this amazing film providing us with the unique experience of entering into the American Dreamtime. Layering mundane worldly events intermitently with glimpses of the psychic, shamanic forces motivating those events we are given the opportunity to chose for ourselves what level of reality we are willing, or ready to accept. A truly remarkable accomplishment.  As for the performance of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, it couldn't have been better. His ability to capture both the physcial appearance and dark persona of the legendary rock star so completely is beyond extraordinary. Without question Val was born to play this role.  Did Jim really believe he was the "Electric Shaman called by the spirits to open the "Doors of Perception to a sleeping world? Was he Dionysus reborn, here to use his suggestive music and lyrics to arouse his followers and bring to fruition his new 'Rites of Spring' with "Golden copulations in the streets of L.A. More likely he was playing the part of the mischevious Indian 'Trickster' leading us once again in the wrong direction. Maybe it's just like his Mother said long ago while the old Indian lay dying along the roadside in the California desert. "It's just a dream Jimmy, that's all it is.  So relax, show no fear, "Kiss the Snake and enjoy the ride!
 The people endlessly trashing this film are obviously biased against Mr. Stone, or the idea of their guru Jim Morrison being portrayed by someone else on celluloid.  I haven't read an objective review yet, which is pretty  sad, considering that this is a brilliant movie made by an extraordinary  filmmaker.  To quote James Woods reffering to Stone
 The thing about most rock movies like this one is that in reviewing them, people are often caught up in the accuracy of the presentation. Is this EXACTLY how Jim was? Is that REALLY what Patricia and Jim did together? And what about that Ed Sullivan thing, did that really happen?  Please, people. If that's what you're looking for, watch an actual Doors concert. Watch Jim Morrison interviews. Read a decent biography. This is a MOVIE, coming straight out of Hollywood. As Oliver Stone says in the bonus features, it's his interpretation of a figure that has fascinated generations for decades, even after his untimely death in the early 1970s.  Of course, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's certainly legitimate to be annoyed at minor factual inconsistencies, and the like. Also, this movie was bound to make at least SOME of Jim's closest relations angry. Patricia Kennealy hates poor Mr. Stone with a passion (but then she hates most everyone these days, so that's probably not saying much). Ray Manzerek, keyboardist for the Doors, called the movie "atrocious". Perhaps this isn't what Jim was like -- in my opinion, it was slightly unfair, the way Stone handled Jim's drug and alcohol issues.  However, despite all this, I love the movie. It wasn't supposed to answer any questions, it was supposed to represent one man's image of the Lizard King ("whatever that means"), and this image is surprisingly universal. He recreates the hazy world of 60s L.A. with magnificent usage of color, music, and set, so that this movie is a visual feast. The Doors songs scattered throughout are also quite accurately placed -- the misty effects of 'Riders on the Storm' are especially poignant in the beginning of the film, and a recurring theme in 'The End' is an interesting film technique. All in all, it builds a very interesting view of the late 60s, Jim Morrison, the Doors, and their world.  Oh, yes, and the acting. The acting in this movie is tremendous. Meg Ryan does a wonderful job as Pamela Courson (Jim's common law wife, and longtime love), with a great performance in a violent Thanksgiving scene. Though I forget her name, the actress playing the witchwife Patricia Kennealy is also quite impressive, though based on the real-life Kennealy's recent endeavours, I'm not sure how realistic her interpretation was. And, of course, the impeccable Val Kilmer. Some may say he didn't display all the facets of Jim to the extent that he could, I say don't blame him for that, blame the script. His performances onstage conduct the same energy Morrison himself provoked in a crowd, his MysteriousDrunkenPoet interpretation was perfect for the mood Stone set, and I challenge any nonbelievers to watch Kilmer sing 'Light My Fire', and then put the actual song on. To the average listener - perhaps even the above-average listener - there is NO DIFFERENCE. The voice, the word-breaks, the tone... it's all perfectly on the mark. It's scary, actually.  So, in conclusion, I challenge any negative critics of Stone's movie to include all of its features in their consideration. Oliver Stone did not catch Jim Morrison on film. He encapsulated the mystery, the enigma that was Jim Morrison. He opens more questions than answers them, and rightly so. The only person that can REALLY claim to know what Jim was like is Jim himself, and of course he's not exactly around to do so. This movie is a triumph as a film, with amazing visuals, brilliant acting, and a true passion for the subject. It's extremely enjoyable, and comes highly recommended.
 The rock group The Doors were perfect fodder for Oliver Stone's powerful, vivid and radical imagination...to say nothing of his talent.  If you are reading this, you probably know the rough outline of The Doors and Jim Morrison, their mercurial lead singer.  So let's cut right to it
 The Doors, directed by Oliver Stone and starring Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison is an epic and visually stunning film that attempts to tell not only about the rise and fall of a band, and in particular its singer, a complex and enigmatic figure, but also about the "Strange Days of a unique period in history known as The 60's. People who complain about the facts being distorted are missing the point. Due to the subjectivity of truth and the uncertainty of factual accuracy, this film isn't aiming for objective truth. It is Stone's vision, and besides, a lot of the events didn't occur in the physical realm at all
 If there is any thing bad about this movie is that it does not go on forever and ever.The life of Jim Morrison is one story that can never be portrayed in words or pictures but this effort is worth a praise.Though it does not really shows what a good company Jim was but it do keeps you goin through the worst parts of life.If you really wanna see why this man was and still is a mystery,You must watch this movie.
 The best die young.  That is a cliche', but when you think of Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Mama "Cass Elliot and Jim Morrison, there is truth in that wisdom as you look back upon the late 60's and 70's music genre.  This film, a classic by Oliver Stone and what should have been an Academy Award winning performance for Val Kilmer, is a revival of one of the most remarkable rock musicians of all time - Jim Morrison... Morrision was a charismatic wizard of rock...and mesmerized his audiences not only with music...but with his poetic talents and mastery of the English language.  Yes...Morrison defined his life with the statement - "I am the Lizard King...I can do anything - and this film captures the essence of that statement.  Val Kilmer was perfectly cast in this film.  He was either kin to Morrison or found a piece of his soul when trying to emulate the influence JM had on the youth of the Sixties.  I'd give this film a rating of "6 if it were within the rating scale.  Meg Ryan is so convincing, I asked my friends if she ever had a romantic relationship with Val Kilmer outside of this film.  No one knew.  And the soundtrack (of course) is awesome.  If I had led such a tragic life as JM...and had wallowed in the mire (no pun intended) with alcohol and drugs like he...I would have been honored to have such a film pay a tribute to my life.  This is, by far, the best film ever produced on the life and times of the Sixties.
 must see for any music fan.  val kilmer is a near look-a-like and has his mannerisms down well.  but you can't help wishing that jim had portrayed himself.  his childlike sweetness, expression, looks, pure sex appeal, his tortured psyche.  as good as kilmer is in this movie, see dick wolf's documentary "when you're strange".  jim morrison was greater and bigger than anything an actor could ever  hope to capture.  his voice was pure sex and made his words penetrate your depths.  his words were everything to him.  he was a poet.  he was a genius.  he was tortured.  must that always lead to self destruction?  why?  as johnny depp says at the end of the film,  "some say he was just another rock star who crashed and  burned.  "but this much is true,  you can't burn out if you're not on fire".  what we take from this what a holocaust jim morrison truly was.  wish he were still here to tell us how he survived his demons.....he's not.  but we have his music.  it will last long after we who survived him are all gone.  <a href="http
 This movie transported me back to the 60's. It brought back some great memories. The sound track is excellent!!!!!
 The particular filmography of Oliver Stone has had peak and lows. He is - before any other circumstance - a CSI filmmaker. His camera is an untiring explorer of facts, livings and memories. That is why my personal list of his treasures films possibly do not include his most succesful works.  This is one of my three favorite Opus of Stone; (my other tweo choice are JFK and Wall Street). This movie works out as historical document, due its shocking realism but the the loyal refelect of USA in those ages. Being an exception figure O.S. innquires and carves in releief the expectations, defeats and livings of whole generation, tired of waiting who felt Jim Morrison was the icon of his generation, the direct descendent of the beatnik ages headed by Alan Gingsberg and Andy Warhol. The script is so well built and the performances are so natural and spontaneous; the towering acting of Kilmer and the fabulous scenaries conform a majuscule and interweaved puzzle of multidimensional resonance.  Recommended without reserves.
 I'll keep my review short and simple.  This is one of my top 5 all time favorite movies.  Val Kilmer should have won an Oscar for his performance, or at least received more praise.  Oliver Stone knows that his story isn't 100% true and he never claimed it to be.  This was his vision of The Doors, and with the help of Robbie Kreiger, Patricia Kennealy, Pamela Courson-Morrison's parents and John Densmore, he did an incredible job.  However, Meg Ryan wasn't all that.  She's a decent actress, but not worthy/cool enough to play Pamela Morrison.  When the movie came out, Meg talked about how over-rated she thinks The Doors(the band) are and that Jim Mrrison was just a drunk.  Well, Meg, why associate yourself with the movie then?  Anyway, the movie is an amazing experience.
 This is an excellent film about Jim Morrison and the Doors. While it is true that it is not completely accurate(Oliver Stone directed it so how would it be)and is sometimes way over the top it is still an entertaining and intresting movie. I've watched it several times(I love the Doors and Jim)and it holds up to the repeated views. If you like classic rock or the Doors then I would encourage this because it is a great picture of the 60's and of Jim. Val Kilmer does a superb job as Jim. He looks, speaks and even sings like Jim. Meg Ryan is good as his wife. Anyways I highly reccomend this!
 Amazing movie... fun to watch and a total trip. (Seriously, this movie gives me a contact-high every time I watch it!)  Val Kilmer is really great and of course the music is awesome.  Oliver Stone is quite the visual weaver.  This is a great film for anyone interested in the Doors - and if you're not?  This film will GET you into them.
 The first time I watched this movie was at a party.  I had no clue who The Doors were, wasn't really paying attention, and never really saw the ending, however something clicked.  The next day I went to rent the movie  and really sit down and watch it.  I never had a thing for Val Kilmer as an  actor or really cared about Oliver Stone movies either.  But after watching  this movie made me fall in love with the Door's music.  After buying all  their albums and books and reading into the band I found that the movie was  not really exact in the band and the life of Jim.  And the band members  today say they were upset with the movie.  However, die hard fan or someone  that wants to visit the era in a movie, will enjoy this flick.  Watch this  movie as entertainment the way Oliver Stone wanted you to see it and not  necessarily to get their life story.  The movie is filled with some of the  best Doors songs there are and can take you back to the era that many  people wish never ended.  Val Kilmer played an excellent role looking and  even voicing Jim.  If you are somewhat interested in the band, the era, or  slipping away from reality for a couple hours, I highly recommend this  movie!
 This is one of Val Kilmer's best movies.  If you didn't know you would actually believe he was Morrison. If you haven't seen it you need to and if you dont' own it you should especially if you are a Doors or a Kilmer fan. I give this movie two thumbs up.
 Actually, the Doors was Jim Morrison and some other guys.  Oh sure, Manzarek, Krieger and Densmore contributed to the music and the sound, no doubt, but without Morrison the Doors would have been a long forgotten L.A. band.  Or do you rate "Other Voices and "Full Circle as classics?  Yeah, I didn't think so.  Now that we have that settled, this imperfect movie rates the 5 on the relatively soft Amazon scale for one huge reason, the spot-on near clone performance of Val Kilmer, surely the role of his life so far.  I can recall few, if any, portrayals that are a closer match to the real person.  The face, the expressions, the movements and that voice . . . wow.  The scene in the Whiskey, fading in through the indian's eye, it's one of the best things put on film, ever.  The movie isn't great, it moves too fast and leaves a lot out, but there are great things in it.  I also liked the way the movie paid homage to the Morrison mythos too; was he really possessed?  Did they raise Dionysus in concert?  Could he really recite from memory obscure books found only in the library of Congress?  Well, maybe not, but there was something spiritual about Morrison, the man was one of those "great souls whose personality dominated all around him.  He had a certain amount of art in him, all written in his poetry book before they even started, and when it was done, he was done, and he was gone, probably still wearing the same shoes and pants.  His life, though tragic, was pure rock and roll.  Everyone dies.  Morrison lived like a skyrocket.  The movie is a fitting tribute, with no holds barred.  By the way, the original version of this movie carried one last line of print before the credits, in case you're curious.  Her family managed to get it removed, but it said "Pam joined him three years later . . .".  PS
 Val Kilmer might as well be Jim Morrison reincarnate.  He was too good for the part.  It was beyond amazing... it was downright eerie.  From Jim's singing/talking voice, all the way to his maneurisms and his drug-addiction and his beliefs, and what he looked like... Val Kilmer got it all.  All I can say is, somehow,  JIM MORRISON WAS HAUNTING THIS FILM.  Because of that, and because of the incredible supporting cast, really hot women, and the splended choice of songs used for the movie, The Doors is an amazing masterpiece about an incredible rock group.  I wish I had been alive in that time to truly see the Doors live instead of being forced to see their concerts on TV and on DVD.  This DVD is an awesome bio-movie about the band, and about Jim Morrison.  And about Val Kilmer... I had first seen Val Kilmer act as Batman in Batman Forever, and after that, I didn't think too highly of his acting skills.  It was an okay Batman, but he just didn't do that good.  But then I saw this movie, and I began looking at what else Val Kilmer has done, and I realized, it wasn't Val Kilmer who sucked in Batman Forever (It was just his bad luck that he had to read that particular script)... it was Robin and the mediocrity of the movie itself.  As I said above, it was eerie watching him play Jim Morrison.  The DVD also has great features, a lot of Deleted Scenes that I think should be put back into the movie, and over-all is very worth-it.  Now, an unrated one with all those Deleted Scenes put back in would be incredible.
 Alot of people have said that this movie isn't completely accurate...and even though that is true...the movie was amazing! The acting was great. They could not have found anyone else to play the part of someone as amazing as Jim Morrison...Val Kilmer was fantastic! You really felt like you were seeing Jim all over again. And while it is true that this movie only shows the wild and drug-addicated side of Jim, the movie...the acting...and the direction is great! Oliver Stone did a great job of showing Jim the way that Oliver saw him...and Oliver even said that was how it was supposed to be...an opinion and a vision that he had. So with that in mind...and the fact that Val Kilmer, Kyle MacLachlan, Frank Whaley, Kevin Dillon, and Meg Ryan did an amazing job, this movie is one of those...turn out the lights and let your mind go...kind of movies! A MUST SEE!!!
 I have been a true doors fan for some years. I am 15 years old, and I first discovered doors music when I would hear it coming from the room of my older brother when I was about 5 or 6 years old. I picked up these songs when I bought the doors first album when I was about 12 and it just clicked in and I remembered how all the songs sounded. This movie was also quite an inspiration to my devotion as a doors fan. Val Kilmer is excellent as Jim Morrison. Many negative reviews are written about how Oliver Stone didn't  accurately  portray the doors. The fact is that everyone has there own opinion about how Jim Morrison was and how he acted and that is was Oliver Stone did when he made the film. It was based on what he felt the doors and Jim Morrison were like. Jim had many many sides to him, crazy, funny, caring, kind, happy, dark, etc. I believe that the doors will always be my absolute most favorite band because of there unique sound, exceptional lyrics, and incredible singer/poet.
 ...Mr. Kilmer is dead-on as the Lizard King, the  band  nails the look of a band really performing and the trippy visuals are all in the spirit of the era from which the Doors sprang. Man, either rock or get the hell out of the way ...
 This is one of the greatest films about the greatest band and Jim. I have read many books about the life of the doors and the movie is pretty much online with everything else. No one person can know eactly everything that  went on in the Doors life but this movie is excellent. I have listened to  there music, read books on them, visited Jim's Grave and have experiecned  some of the things Jim had done in his life. The movie was a great reality  that Val Kilmer portrayed flawlessly. I encourage every person that has an  intrest in the Doors and life back then to purchase this movie. Also I  think there is gonna be a new movie out this year from Ray, hopefully it is  as a great as this one.
 Hello there,  THE FILM THAT BLEW THE COVER OF THE LEGEND THAT IS THE DOORS  The Doors revokes the worldwide interest of shamanism and the protection of the environment against illegal construction corporate activities and still continues to leave the lives of whoever watch it changed forever. Watching the Doors is beyound reading the works of Bob Frizzel or Drunvalo Melchizedek or having a chat with Stewart Swerdlow. The film touches the heart of the entire population on this planet as it continues to be watched - this time by myself , yesterday and being finished today. Jim Moors died happy - looking towards the limit of the horizon , having freed himself finally from his mortal body , in the year 1971. He was a first class self - initiated shaman who followed the Native American Tradition , according to Stone , and not Satanism , as portrayed in the rock'n roll classic documentary Hell's Bells. So obsessed with freeing his soul from his mortal body did Jim Morrison become that nothing else mattered , sometimes not even 'the one'or his wife. Jim Morrison taught people that in order to overcome fear you must confront it - literally. He was totally unafraid of fame and fortune and definately did not literally believe in Satan. He believed instead , according to Stone , in the Great Spirit being nature itself and loved the desert - out there , like Charles Manson , Jim Morrison felt restful and at peace and at one with his heart and the girl he loved who would grow up and become one of the most famous women of all time , who would have even silent wannabes wanting to be like her among many of America's leading politicians , such as Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton , who must have secretly desired to be wives of Jim Morrison in some of their sickest , sexcual fantasies which can only be defined as normal due to the spirit of the times. And what's wrong with any woman wanting to be the wife of a famous rock star? What Jim Morrison exposed was the body of our once inner policeman , who is slowly being killed and whose body is still in the process of being processed. That is what he means when he says that most of us are in fact slaves. I do not even allow myself to speak profanely here when I state that , so I'll leave the spirit of Jim Morrison to once again remind us of the importance of NOT BEING SLAVES to anyone , even ourselves. But Jim Morrison ended up being a slave to the drugs that he was so quick to get addicted to , and freed himself from his drug slavery in the end , fearlessly , calmly , rationally , irrationally , spatially , happily , sexually , fantastically , and quite honestly brilliantly. He became one of history's greatest rock stars , and as Michael Jackson died , so would his generation be resurrected. Finally Jim Morrison roams free in the spirit world - let's hope he does not end up in a place belonging to the mind of such people as Peggy Kane when it comes to talk about his hopefully happy afterlife. The film explodes the senses with it's surreal lack of special effects , and bestows upon the entire population of the people of the United States a form of nakedness and self - exposure which a worker in the black project programmes can only dream of. Jim Marrison may have been a black tulip that got eaten by drugs - but in the end he defeated his drug addiction doing it the only way he thought appropriate at that time. He wanted to defy death , and sometimes wondered if he could defy his own fame. He believed in life , liberty , hope , love , hate , anything a man can believe in - and loved his wife and children more than anyone and anything. He was a man who had it all , and got it all in the end , got bored by it , and wanted to explore more. For the spirit of the personality that was Jim Morrison still lives on to this day. Therefore I say that this is without doupt , Oliver Stone's best film. Everything is changing now as our society chooses to abandon zealous materialism , and all kinds of extreme forms of variations of religions , and new and more forgiving varieties of spirituality are constructed , out of the ashes of the less forgiving cults. Everything is changed in the mind of the viewer of this film - it quite literally tunes you in , then drops you out and that with more sheer quality of surreal realism than anything Videodrome by David Chronenberg had ever attempted to do , an equally fascinating and good film to watch nonetheless. This is one of a kind of a movie - and there aren't that many musical films I've seen. Way to go Oliver Stone , still receiving honest and positive criticism on this brilliant work of genius whose immortal spirit can never be defeated , and way to go for Val Kilmer. This is the best EVER movie I've ever seen starring him.
 This Movie is awesome it was beautifally directed by Oliver Stone and has the best cast ever! This movie Explores the dynasty of one of the greatest bands ever THE DOORS! If you are a big fan of the doors like me you will love this movie! It goes from rise to fall a perfect movie a MUST SEE DO YOU HEAR ME A MUST SEE!THIS IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME! I AM THE LIZARD KING I CAN DO ANYTHING!
 This movie changed my perspective of Rock n' Roll intensely.  This movie was so gratifying, it gave me chills, it also made me sort of understand Morrison more.  Val Kilmer portrayed  such a terrific roll as Morrison, I acually believed it was Morrison instead of the actor.  I love the doors.  I dont think the movie could be any better or any worse.  Thumbs up to Oliver STONE.  JIM MORRISON LIVES
 This told the story about The Doors through their years up until Jim Morrison died sadly. It gave me a whole new look in the band. Val Kilmer delivers in the great role as one of the best rock and rollers of our time. The Doors have some of the best songs out there and it protrays on how some songswere written. Great DVD..Buy it! I did, It was worth the money! A++
 This movie was excellent. Val Kilmer played Jim Morrison impeccably. This movie really gave me a look into The Doors and really entertained me. I'd Reccommend this movie for anyone who likes The Doors or music from that time. I enjoyed it, before the movie I didn't know too much about Jim Morrison or The Doors but now I am a Doors fan. This movie is a must-see
 I RENTED THIS MOVIE ABOUT 2-3 DAYS AGO. I THOUGHT IT WAS SUCKY WHEN I FIRST SAW IT, BUT WHEN I THINK OF IT, IT WAS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT IT WAS. THAT SONG "LIGHT MY FIRE. IT IS THE MOST AWESOME SONG ON THE CDs AND THE MOVIE (THE VAL KILMER VERSION IS BETTER)!  I AM A BIG FAN OF THE DOORS NOW!  THIS MOVIE HAS EVERYTHING
 "The Doors is the greatest of all rock movies, in the years since it was first released in 1991 it has gained a weird kind of cult status, it is popular among young rockers and teenagers as it is among the adults who belong to the generation first grabbed by "Light My Fire. The film is directed by cinema madman and virtuoso, Oliver Stone, who was a Doors fan when serving in Vietnam and here conceives a movie that is big in scope and excess, in other words, it stays true to the spirit of it's subject. People (including Doors organist Ray Manzarek) have attacked Stone and movie for dramatic license and fictional inventions, but the Morrison myth has grown so large that it is hard to even trust the accounts of people like Manzarek (who enjoys pouring gasoline into the myth's fire) and so the movie should be taken for what it is, a MOVIE. And man, it is one of the great rock spectacles ever dramatized on film. Val Kilmer gives his greatest performance, dressed in the black leather pants and long hair, he gives a stunning performance because we never doubt it is Jim Morrison dancing around on the screen, the effect is even more enhanced because Kilmer sang most of the concert scenes (in the DVD commentary, Stone informs us Kilmer sang ALL of the 1969 Miami concert sequence) and as a performer, he has a pretty good voice. The movie captures not only the madness of Morrison, but also the atmosphere and lore of his music. The movie uses no score, it imploys the Doors songs to create the mood (while squeezing in "Venus In Furs by Velvet Underground and the classic opus "Carmina Burana"). There are moments of insansity and excess that create a hypnotic intensity driven by the rich, dreamy photography by Robert Richardson, and there are even, amidst the sex, drugs and rock n' roll, some moments of romantic sweetness in a poetic way when Morrison rhymes for his girl Pamela Courson (played by Meg Ryan). Stone used completely live audiences for the concert sequences, which are exhilarating and stunning, especially a gothic sequence in San Francisco when the band performs "Not To Touch The Earth. Any Doors fan will love this film, especially since the soundtrack, featuring all the greats like "Break On Through, "Backdoor Man, "Light My Fire, "Strange Days, "The Crystal Ship and "Five To One pulses with the Doors sound, and hearing Kilmer deliver his own performances is a treat no Doors afficionado or rock enthusiast should miss. "The Doors is thrilling, hypnotic and a fiery experience of great rock n' roll.
 I avoided this movie when it first came out, and I avoided it for about 10 years afterward, because I heard that it was such a travesty. Recently, I received the DVD as a Christmas gift. Out of respect to the person who gave it to me, I decided to watch it at least once. I was very pleasantly surprised... and physically and emotionally exhausted by the movie's end. True, Oliver Stone's version of the Doors' legend isn't dead-on accurate, but I think the realism and accuracy were only sacrificed in order to make a greater visceral and artistic impact, which I believe is something Jim Morrison might have understood. The whole point of this movie is to revel in its excesses, and on that point, the movie scores everytime. And remember that this is the story as filtered through Stone's own perception, not a docudrama. Kudos to Val Kilmer, whose portrayal of Jim Morrison was just as uncanny as I'd heard. (Where's his Oscar?) I really dug this movie, even as a Doors fan who knows the true history as heard from the band. And if you can experience it as the Bacchanalian epic it's meant to be, and just take in all the sights and sounds, then you'll really dig it, too.
 Val Kilmer's extraordinary portrayl of rock legend Jim Morrison is timeless. The film has progressively become a cult classic because of it's chaotic yet introspective tale concerning The Doors and Morrison's rise as a legend.
 I was not a big fan of "The Doors musical group until I watched this film. I feel Val Kilmer did an incredible performance as Jim Morrison. To learn later that Mr Kilmer actually sang most of the songs in the film himself, blew me away. I feel this film was before it's time. And Mr Kilmer should have been nominated for the performance. They nominated that actor for "Ray and he did not even sing in the movie. I gave this movie 5 stars, for all the incredible acting done in this film especially Val Kilmer & Meg Ryan.
 This is the best rock movie ever made. Oliver Stone is the most talented filmmaker of all time. This is a film he gets less credit for, but it was very personal to him and brilliantly done. First of all, he nails the life of Jim Morrison, the story of The Doors, and the L.A. Scene (1960s) as perfectly as it can be done. It is beyond nostalgoia, it is time travel. As great as Stone's use of Doors songs, scenery, drug use and beautiful, heavily-decorated '60s California girls is, it is Val Kilmer who does this turn its proudest. Kilmer probably gets to the core of a real person as thoroughly and realistically as any actor who ever portrayed actual folks. Next on the agenda, you have to love Frank Whaley as Robbie Krieger and Kyle McLaughlin as a spot on, irritating Ray Manzarek. To those of us who really studied Morrison and The Doors, everything is flawless. The film also conveys the essence of the bar scene, particularly Morrison urinating at Barney's Beanery, which used to be a real rock hangout before it turned into a cafe. The feeling watching  The Doors  switches between a longing for the romance and excitement of the rock life these people led, and revulsion for the drugs and immorality inherent within it. Love my girl! STEVEN TRAVERS AUTHOR OF  BARRY BONDS
 I must say Oliver Stone and his company did a great job of recreating the atmosphere of the late 1960s.The film looks like a sixties movie.Val Kilmer was the perfect choice for the role of Jim Morrison.Though some of it was rather exagerrated,like the scene where the band performs on The Ed Sullivan Show.Ed had forbid Jim to say higher in the song Light My Fire,and Jim said it with an emphasized expression.I've got the actual episode of The Ed Sullivan Show taped.The real Jim did disobeye Ed by saying higher ,but without the emphasized expression.Meg Ryan does a good portrayal of Pamela Courson too.
 What can I say about "The Doors that hasn't been said already. First of all Val Kilmer was so good in this movie that when I hear a Door's song I picture him instead of Jim Morrison. I wished I was born in the 50's so I could have seen The Doors.  Oliver Stone dipicts Morrison as a poet trapped in a rock star's body. The epic rise and fall of the Doors is great but sad at the same time. They had so much more to offer us. Remember people the Doors were only around for 5 years. Until Morrison's untimely death. The rest of the Doors are protrayed as innocent bystanders. John Densmore was pissing me off with his constent whining and crying. Robby Krieger was a cool guy, and Ray Manzarek was supercool. All these guys look like people that could have gone to high school with. The film has a nostaglic feeling to it, almost as if is a dockumentary rather than a film. Every time I see "The Doors it feels as if its the first time.
 I think this is a great movie and Val Kilmer did an AMAZING job, the way he was able to change himself through this movie from a younger jim, to an older one, was unreal. Meg Ryan also great in this. The music, acting, the story was very entertaining, this is certainly one of my favorite movies of all time. Great Job Kilmer!
 I think some of the people who wrote some of these other reviews may have had some pretty high expectations of what the film would accomplish. No, it doesn't definitively depict the life and times of the band. Yes, it focuses  primarily on the self-destruction of James D. Morrison. Yes, it's one-sided  (blame the Coursons for that). So what? Get it for the concert scenes  alone, and Val Kilmer's ininmitable performance as Morrison. I'd recommend  reading  Riders on the Storm  by drummer John Densmore (either  before or after seeing the film) to get an idea of what Oliver Stone was  getting at (and also to appreciate the cameo appearances by the likes of  Patricia Kenealy and Densmore himself as  Last Session Sound  Engineer ). Bets of all, get one of the concert videos and check out  the real deal.
 As a huge Morrison fan, I have to give Oliver Stone credit for being one the major influences. This isn't supposed to portray The Doors accurately-it's Hollywood, not a documentary. It's merely one person's vision with theatrics thrown in for good measure. That being said, if you love absolute and utter chaos (as I do) in rock and roll format, this is a must-see.
 Ok, I don't care what most people say, this movie is probably 75% or more true than what has been said.  Sure there are a lot of inconsistencies (Such as the New Haven Incident being pegged for 1968 when it was 1967) and charachter mistakes (Patricia Keneally was not backstage in Miami..Morrison didn't meet Pam on the street etc..) but for the most part the actual events such as the New Haven Arrest, Miami, The Whiskey, and to some extent Ed Sullivan are depicted fairly accurately (At the very LEAST a little overdramatized).  I also have noticed that Oliver Stone did a lot of consolidation in this movie (Why not? I mean c'mon you can't sum up the entire Doors Legacy with a 2 hour movie!)but he did it for the most part accurately.  Before passing judgement on this movie read the books (I Highly recommend 'Riders On The Storm' by John Densmore, 'Jim Morrison
 Along with The Crow, and Fight Club, this film would stand as one of my all time favourites. I have read many a novel on Jim, and own all of his albums, hence I could be a little biased on the actual filming merit of the  movie, however to me, it is a striking portrayal of perhaps one of the most  chrismatic and interesting artists of history. One of the main themes of  the movie, and something that remains unknown to many of the band fans, is  that Jim was really a poet (seen by his great spoken album American  Prayer), not a rockstar, and this is a contributing factor to his eventual  downfall, his need to play the part of a singer. This film can be  confrontingly vivid and somewhat shocking, and although it does contain  several untruths regarding the events that surrounded Jim, I believe it is  an excellent portrayal of his personality. Many would disagree, however few  could argue that the those that hate Jim and the Doors with a passion,  after seeing this film, would be slightly entrigued about Jim Morrison.
 The Doors is with out a shadow of a doubt the greatest rock and roll film ever made! It tells perfectly what the late-great Jim Morrison went through and how he lived. This goes into the music and the L.A. scene in the late 1960's. Everything you ever heard about The Doors or Jim Morrison comes across in this movie. The Plot is very east to understand. You find yourself felling bad for Jim because of all the stuff he put himself through, but you also feel bad for the Band because Jim made it to wear Robby, John, and Ray couldnt play their music live because of Jims on stage anticks. I found my self hating Jims wife because if he wouldnt have met her he woulndt have done half of the stuff he did, so was really a bad influence. This is a whats gonna happen next film, and Val Kilmer pulls of the roll flawlessly
 Val Kilmer gives a stunning performance. This movie is about how the rock group The Doors came to be. It is mostly told looking through the usually intoxicated and drugged up frontman, Jim Morrison's eyes. You are drawn into his confusing world and see his visions. The casting is incredible. I have never known much about The Doors, but after seeing clips of the real Morrison on the second disk, you realize how well casted Val Kilmer was. Kilmer even sang the songs in the movie. A story that director Oliver Stone tells is how Kilmer challenged him to listen to a recording of him as Jim Morrison and a few songs of Morrison himself and try to guess who was singing which songs. Stone could not tell the difference! The whole band was well cast. Cast interviews and deleted scences are found on the second disk. Oliver Stone did a fine job. I really don't know how else one could tell such a tale or get you to share the high quite like Stone. But Kilmer's work alone warranted a 5 star rating for this movie.
 I think this is a great movie. They did a pretty great job with the sound and everything. One thing i didnt like was that some of the opinions in this nivie were different from life. For instance, when the doors appeared on cbs, they were asked not to sing the line  girl we couldnt get much higher". As most know, Jim sung it anyway, but it was an accident. Stone made it appear as it was on purpose. Also that one of the other members was made to look like he hated Jim, ehich was not true
 My son got me this for last christmas, I already had the vhs version, but this 2 disk set is even better. The interviews with everyone and learning alot more about the movie and everyone who participated in it, and what they really had to say about it, just blew my mind.  Still a GREAT movie, Great cast, VAL &amp; MEG awesome job!!! No one could of pulled off playing jim, not like you did! This movie is not only entertaining, the music is awesome, as well as the acting. Any doors fan, will love this, true or not, the movie is awesome!
 Oliver Stone an ex Vietnam combatant, a Doors music fan, made an estrordinary work , a great vision of the sixtiees and Jim Morrison's life, great preformes, a worthy Doors movie. Not recomended meet the doors with this movie, is only the vision of a fan.
 I loved this movie. Val Kilmer played a killer Jim Morrison...very impressive. Almost true to life. There were some slow parts but all in all this is a great movie!!
 Bob Hope was essentially the official Presidential comedian for generations - and this DVD is a great look back at his good-spirited ribbing of many administrations.  It shows how political humor can be funny without being devisive.
 When you've had enough Heads Up 7-UP and you're 5 minutes early to go to lunch or to leave at the end of the day just pop in Schoolhouse Rocks! I use the DVD when we finish a lesson a little early and there is not enough time to start another one.  It's kind of funny when the kids (2nd grade) randomly break into song on the way out of the building in the afternoon... The favorites this year were 3 is a Magic Number, The Preamble, My Hero Zero, and in the last weeks of school Conjunction Junction
 My kids in Kindergarten and 2nd Grade  love the video.  They are already humming the tunes.  It is a good idea to start them early!
 I bought this several years ago for my sister at Christmas, and heard it was fine.  But just reading the list of videos that are on this tape, I see them flash right before my eyes. Therefore, I feel perfectly qualified to review this product for you.  I don't quite know what I would have done without Schoolhouse Rock.  Well, maybe not Grammar Rock, although those were some of my favorites ("Conjunction Junction, what's your function?").  But I know that when I come up against a problem in my adult life that forces me to multiply an odd combination,  like 13 and 7, I immediately go back to a skater telling me "Now here's a chance to brush up on your new math tricks, 'cause 8 times 12 is the same as 10 times 8 plus 2 times 8...80 plus 16, 96!  And when the MSM has me totally discombobulated about what's happening with the law that was supposed to be passed last year about the Hossenpfeffers not killing off the Bellywhackers, suddenly I find myself singing to myself "I'm just a bill, yes I'm only a bill... and I remember the process.  And how long it can take!  (Now, you have to understand, teachers for babyboomers took special classes on how to make history and civics as boring as possible.  So Schoolhouse Rock and Little House on the Prairie were our only exposure to what our past was like.  Accurate or not.)  These videos are timeless.  All kids can benefit from learning about multiplication and grammar.  All kids in the US can benefit from learning about incidents in history such as when women got the vote ("Oh we were sufferin', until suffer-age!") and the signing of the Declaration of Independence; as well as how our tripartate system of government works. Whether you buy "The Best of Schoolhouse Rock!-30th Anniversary Ed. for your kids, or just to reminisce, I think you will enjoy it.
 I had a friend that I used to work with who was from India and was trying to get her citizenship.  As a requirement she was to recite the Preamble.  At that time Schoolhouse Rock wasn't on any longer and the tapes had not come out. (Early to mid-ninties.)  I was wishing that SHR was available to her. I told her all about it and was singing the Preamble to her ala SHR.  I don't know how much it helped her but it sure made me feel good.  She passed with flying colors!  I've lost touch with her but if I ever hear from her again, she's getting a copy as a gift.  This is Innovation at it's best as far as education is concerned.  People in the early 50's used to say "Nothing good can come from Rock and Roll".  Well some of the great minds that are running this country and the younger ones out there now can probably sing every single word of "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here!  and put it to good use.  "HAIL, HAIL ROCK & ROLL! I could not believe they finally released this gem on DVD.  Schoolhouse Rock was the greatest thing ever to happen to Saturday mornings.  I do not think there is any child born after 1970 who did not learn from this.  Very rare is the product that educates+entertains at the same time.  I learned about our country's beginning through "No More King"+"Shot heard round the World"+the Solar System from "Interplanet Janet".  My personal favorites are "Preamble"+"Interjections".  Along with Sesame Street+Mr.Rogers this was probably the most influential program for my Genereation.  Parents of today have been given a great gift for thier own children.  Schoolhouse Rock Rocks!!!
 My daughter is very bright but had trouble learning her multiplication tables. I tried everything, including hiring a tutor, but she still had trouble and was sad and frustrated. After a while I remembered that back in the 70s I had learned the multiplication tables myself on Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock! I was so excited to learn that there was a DVD available featuring the same excellent songs I had learned from as a child. Multiplication Rock did the trick! My daughter learned the multiplication tables backwards and forwards by watching the DVD every day for about a month, and I didn't have to nag her to study!
 ...and we're so happy! This DVD is a lot of fun.  Being a 30 something myself, I grew up watching these on Saturday mornings.  It's fun to review them now and to watch my son enjoying them as well.  It's great family fun and education!
 Great. A little difficult to navigate the selections to get to the title you want, but nostalgic and fun...
 Too many of our youth in high school haven't heard of anything on this CD. If something works don't fix it. This has been the greatest way to explain anything from a Senate bill to an adjective.
 We love Schoolhouse Rock.  I have a 7 year old, a 5 year old and a 2 year old and we all love to sing along to the educational songs.  It has opened conversation between the big girls and me about parts of speech, math and American history.  We love it!
 I bought this set because it reminded me of my childhood. I played it for my kids and they loved it as much as I did. The animation isn't as crystal clear as what is produced today, but it's fun and lively and educational.  And if you aren't careful, you'll be humming parts of it all day long at work....  "Interplanet Janet, she's a galaxy girl.... i enjoyed watching these fun and entertaining cartoons. brought back so many memories. i bought this for my granddaughter. she will enjoy it as much as i did growing up and as an adult also!
 I grew up with these as a kid and now I can share ALL of them with my children.  Some clips are a little dated but on the whole this is more fun than I even remembered.  In the age of Sponge Bob and Bratz it is nice to see that children can be engaged by even complicated concepts if they are delivered in clever and imaginative ways.  You'll be humming the songs for days.
 This is a great DVD to enhance your child's understanding of concepts learned at school.  However, I don't recommend sitting down and watching it all the way through like a regular movie.  Not knowing this, we sat down to watch the 'movie' after receiving the DVD.  After several 'lessons', we felt a bit bombarded!  It would be much better to only watch 2 or 3 target lessons,discussing concepts during or after.
 I bought this for my 4 year old son and the whole family loves it.  We watch it together and sing the songs.  My son has several favorites that we actually enjoy watching over and over.  It brings back all kinds of childhood memories for me and my husband.  You have to actually stop and read the options in the menu.  You can "play all", its called "the whole enchilada".  You can also play all the top 10, you just have to choose each from the juke box.  We usually choose the whole enchilada, then my son can skip ahead or go back and play his favorites again.  The lessons are in the words, kids just have to stop and pay attention to what they are singing.
 I purchased this for myself when it was released and again for a friend at work. My children love it so much that some of the songs on the DVD are scratched up, so I purchased another one to stay in the wrapper until they are old enough not to scratch it again.  My son is 5 and his favorite songs are "Body Machine and "Electricity but he likes to watch them all.  My daughter is 3 and her favorite is "Conjunction Junction".  This is one of the best entertainers for young children and "Wow! they actually are learning something.  I don't know about any other states, but they are no longer teaching parts of speech here so this is a great tool for teaching those and other school fundamentals. Tell me again why they took this off of television?
 This series of short videos is a great tool for parents to teach their kids various topics, English/Grammar, Math, How our form of Government (should) work, and History.  I remember it well!
 Finally, every one of the Schoolhouse Rock -- as well as a few I don't remember.
 This is a good video for kids.  It worked for me along time ago.  I learned the preamble from this video and to this day if I need to recite the preamble I sing it.  Not only the preamble, you learn spanish, bill to a law, conjunctions.... this video is timeless.  If you have kids get this for them, makes at least the basics for 5 subjects in school easier for them.
 Oh my gosh, does this bring back memories.  I had the VHS tapes for a long time, and when they came out I played them down to shreds. I was so happy to see the DVD edition.  Being in my early 40s, I was just the right age for Schoolhouse Rock, and I remember that sometimes I watched Saturday morning cartoons more for Schoolhouse Rock than the cartoons.  Favs?  Interjections, Adjectives, Interplanet Janet, Figure Eight and my all-time fav
 Awesome collection of all the videos and then some!!!  I use this to assist my teaching in Science, Social Studies and Language Literacy.  The kids remember the catchy tunes that I learned from 30 years ago!!
 Wonderful childhood memories...I remember watching these same stories/songs on Saturday morning and then singing until my family was annoyed enough to ask me to stop! I remember learning "I am just a bill and some of the content actually helped me pass my government class- gotta love that!   I love this DVD and would recommend it highly!
 What a great time I have watching this dvd. I have flashbacks of Saturday morning cartoons.  Anyway, my kids love it and have learned a lot and don't even know they are learning.  I think it is set up great.  You can play them all or you can pick and choose which you would like to watch.  I can go right to the shows without having to go through any advertisements.  My 8 and 5 year olds love it.
 I was teaching an SAT class this summer for high school students at a local college. Too many hours in too few weeks and they were struggling to focus. I needed something that was related to the grammar and numbers we were talking about that would break up the action and give us something to talk about. Schoolhouse Rock fit the bill! "Conjunction Junction", "I'm Just a Bill", "Interjections", and "Three is a Magic Number helped me get through my class while making sure that they were focused enough to learn needed material.  Not all of the newer episodes match the classic status of Grammar Rock, Multiplication Rock, and Science Rock but this collection is still priceless. Only $13.99??? This one is a steal, a rare case of classic television at an affordable price.  10 stars!
 I grew up knowing most songs from Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD really brings back memories.  And more importantly, the lessons that are learned by the end of each song are way cool.  Perhaps I am stuck back in my childhood days; but I am looking forward to sharing this with my 1 1/2 year old daughter.  Each song has a way with sneaking in something educational without the child realizing the true value.  Before you know it, your kid is singing along and saying "Hey! This is taught in school. You know the tunes.  They helped you learned the definition of a noun, the appropriate interjection to use when you're happy, and the process of becoming a bill on Capital Hill!  Wasn't it great being a kid in the late 70's?!  Ah, the good ol' days when WE were kids...!  This collection is on two discs (our family uses the first disc the most, which contains all of the songs).  It has been such a delight singing along and reliving some of the fun moments had while watching Saturday morning cartoons.  The tracks can be played according to topic (history, mathematics, grammar, etc), shuffled, or from top to tail.  There is even an a fun trivia game and puzzle, and a sort of BEHIND THE MUSIC history of Schoolhouse Rock.  Of course, the tunes and animations appeal to today's kids, making this a great gift for child and adult, alike.
 The reason people read a review is usually to help decide whether to buy a product.  don't waste your time, just buy this disk.  it is simply the best collection of musical animated shorts ever created.  the melodies, lyrics and images are so clever, profound and yet enjoyably simple that they will awe you with their beauty.  for those of us who enjoyed schoolhouse rock in our chilhood, every song will spark a fond memory.  for those who haven't had the pleasure (unfortunately, and to the great detriment of the current generation, schoolhouse rock seems to have been shoved aside by such puerile revenue generators as hawking merchandising spinoffs from the latest pop culture garbage trend), you will be amazed at the quality, catchiness and intelligence of these productions. when i got the disk, i picked the american series and was immediately enraptured by "no more kings".  its a beautiful, clever and funny encapsulation of our rebellion from british rule.  kids will love it for the funny scens, adults will appreciate the content, and everyone will like the music.  i couldn't help but marvel how much better it was than the random quicks we've been playing for our child.  and this was only the first song of one of the many different groups!  the series covers grammar (it's still the way i remember parts of speech), multiplication tables, american governmental principles, science and money.  schoolhouse rock won an emmy in 1978 and it probably deserved a few more - it is truly in a class by itself.
 I have been using the School House Rock series for five years in a multi-grade upper elementary class in bush Alaska.  I still hear former students humming the tunes from "Conjuction Junction to "Three is a Magic Number in other classrooms.  This series may appear dated to some but, students in the elementary grades hum right along with the music and will watch the video over and over again.  The Grammar Rock video still teaches the basic parts of speech to students and I am still discovering things about the parts of speech to use in daily language instruction.  The segments are short enough to be used by themselves for mini-lessons.  The only complaint from the students is on the Multiplication Rock video about the number 8.  They think this segment is too slow and boring.  However, they do laugh at 'Mr. Twelve Toes'.  The Science and Social Studies videos in this series still hold the students' attention and provide an entertaining way for students to learn about government and elementary science.  It is a good set to have handy for a rainy day activity.
 I was excited to get the 30th edition of the Schoolhouse Rock songs.  I remembered them fondly from my childhood.  So, I just knew my almost 9 y/o son would love it.  When we first played it, he was less than thrilled.  His first reaction to things is generally like that.  However, he has played the songs numerous times and I often find him dancing around the house while singing them.  An even bigger hit with him are the trivia games on one of the DVDs.  He'll work on those for hours if I let him.  I think learning, for the most part, should be fun.  Schoolhouse Rock fits that bill!
 I also grew up on Schoolhouse Rock.  I was more looking forward to the Schoolhouse Rock segments than the other cartoons!!  My most memorable thought is big number 30, the football player, on "Three is a magic number crashing through the wall.  Now that I have sons of my own, I wanted to get them something educational that will teach them math, science, grammer, and history.  I want them to learn about those things without realizing they were learning and have fun doing it.  Schoolhouse Rock is definitely the way to go!!  Thank God the DVD is finally coming out with all my favorites on one disk.  "A man and a woman had a little baby, yes they did.... I always wondered what happened to the episodes of Schoolhouse Rock.  I remember waking up on a Saturday morning and singing along.  Not really knowing that I was learning.  Schoolhouse Rock has been a great learning exprience for myself and my brother and sister.  Even though I have no children of my own, I bought this product for a friend of mine grandson. He is only two years old, she tells me that he already knows that song to Conjunction Junction.  My all time favorite is The Bill.  That song help me pass the constitution in the eight grade.  I had to remember what the bill was for on the test.  Not to Toot my own horn but I aced the test.  So if anyone who isnt entirely convenced in buying this product.  Do so it will help your children out alot.  And the good thing about it is that they wont even know that they are learning until it is to late.
 My son is 6 and I bought this for him to help him prep for 1st grade. He loves it and watches it every morning before school. He chooses to watch it over Nickelodeon and CN. After he watches one or two videos, we discuss them and later, we sing them. He has already learned heaps of math, grammar and US history. The latter is important because we live in Japan and I'm trying to see that he learns about his "other nation. I also want to see him maintain his English as the school system pours more and more Japanese on him. School House Rock achieves all of these goals and more. The 2 disk set is also well-designed, with alot of extra animations. This is a must-have for any school-aged child, and as a GenX-er I never get tired of watching it, either. Solid, show-quality songs. Engaging, funny animation.
 This DVD was awesome!! The songs are so fun and yet the kids learn a lot.  My son was so excited because he was able to easily pass his math test by humming a few of the songs!!
 "I'm Just a Bill helped me pass my US Government test a year after ABC dropped the series.  I still know the preamble to the US Constitution in truncated form thanks to "We the People. I'm not sure I would have passed the class without SHR swimming in my back brain.
 I ordered this for my neices and nephews, they loved it. Thanks a million. From my understanding my sister said they really enjoyed it. They are going around singing the songs.
 Took me back to the '70's... Saturday mornings on ABC... I have told many people during high school and my working career (and still to this day) that whenever I have to remember the Preamble to the Constitution, I sing from Schoolhouse Rock. I remember having a history exam in H.S. and singing this in my head!  Do you remember The Great American Melting Pot? I'm just a Bill? The suffrage movement? 5,10,15,20,25,30...?  I think that this was one of the best educational vehicles created to teach diverse material to my generation and beyond. My daughter loves it!
 I bought this for my kids seeing how they have no other cartoons like this anymore.  This brought back memories of my own childhood.  Would recommend this for any parent with kids.
 This DVD covers a lot of subjects that kids actually learn in school. This is more for 1st to 5th grade. Its very informative so do not expect you can watch everything in one sitting. I just wish they can do more updates and cover a lot more subjects. This is worth it!
 Just what I wanted watched it with my daughter and she is already singing the songs I am sure she will learn from this dvd
 My husband and I were given this set as a gift when our sons were 4 and 2, and I think we have had more fun with it than the kids have. I remember watching these growing up in the 80s and it's amazing how many things I learned that stuck with me through the years. We love every minute spent watching these. My kids are starting to watch them and ask about the things they're learning. Good stuff!
 This is the best set of short educational cartoons ever made. I've never seen a child not be memorized by them.  Buy this
 I loved these songs as a kid, and now my 6-year-old is singing them.  These songs make learning grammar so much fun.
 As a member of Generation X that remembers growing up watching Schoolhouse Rock on TV back in the early 1980's, I was ecstatic to be able to get my hands on this set to be able to share these classic segments with my own children.  Admittedly, the animation in these pieces tend to be rather simplistic, and a bit of the animation is reused in them, the catchiness of many of these songs more than make up for this.  Besides, the simplistic animation is what gives these segments their distinctiveness uniqueness.  The first disc contains all 46 segments that were produced (which include both the segments produced in Schoolhouse Rock's original run, and the newer segments that were produced when Schoolhouse Rock returned to television in 1994).  It also includes the song "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College, which was a new song when this set was released in 2002.  This disc also has a play all feature, a shuffle all feature, and a top ten jukebox (the top ten jukebox includes "Conjunction Junction, "I'm Just A Bill, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here!, "Electricity, Electricity, "Interjections!, "The Preamble, "Three Is A Magic Number, "Interplanet Janet, "A Noun Is A Person, Place Or Thing, and "The Shot Heard 'Round The World").  The second disc contains a lot of bonus material.  There is the long-lost song, "The Weather Song, three of the "Scooter Computer And Mr. Chips segments, a behind-the-scenes of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College, a top twenty countdown, four music videos by contemporary artists, and Emmy Awards featurette, the Nike commercial that features "Three Is A Magic Number, audio commentaries, and another copy of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College.  In addition to these features, there is the "Earn Your Diploma trivia game (where the user answers questions pertaining to the topics covered in the Schoolhouse Rock segments) amd arrange-a-song puzzles.  For the puzzles, there is an easy puzzle, and medium puzzle, and a hard puzzle.  For each puzzle, the viewer watches a short clip of a segment.  After it airs, there are screen shots put on the screen.  You select each one to hear the audio that goes with it, and you have to arrange the screen shots in the right order.  Overall, I'm very happy with this DVD release, and my kids really enjoy the songs.  My youngest, who can be rather squirmy, has been known to put the first disc in and watch all of the songs on shuffle play and sitting still the whole time.  I would really recommend this DVD release to parents, because kids really seem to get an enjoyment out of these songs and segments.  I would even recommend this set to members of Generation X who don't have children to have in their collection for the sake of nostalgia.  I wrote this review after watching a copy of this DVD that my husband and I purchased.
 I ENJOYED SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK growing up.  I still remember the songs today at 43!  I thought the catchy tunes would help her with multiplication.  She has been listening to the whole thing over and over.  I enjoy revisiting the songs too.  This is a great tool to add to your arsenal to make learning fun.
 This DVD is in excellent condition and my children love it, not to mention the memories it brings back.  Schoolhouse Rock should still be run on regular TV.
 I'm so Happy that they were able to get all of the School House Rock Series on One DVD. Hooray for Technology! School House Rock is a gem. If you have children, of your own, I strongly suggest sharing this with them or, if you're a big kid like myself, get the DVD for yourself and stroll down memory lane!
 I remembered plenty of these great songs, but there are some newer ones too.  They are just as engaging as I remember.  Fun, catchy tunes entertain all ages.  My young boys loved them as much as I do.  You'll hear engaging favorites like Three is a Magic Number, Conjunction Junction and Interjections!.  I highly recommend it.
 I couldn't believe that this one inexpensive disc could have all of the videos from all of the areas. I stand corrected. It's all there, though the menu is a little wierd. Good buy!
 It has all the episodes and the kids are just mesmerized just like i used to be.  I especially like the math songs and to be able to put subtitles on is priceless.
 I remember these shows from my childhood. I bought this for my son who was having problems in math.  Now we BOTH sing the songs about math, etc.  Our favorite
 My wife and I ordered this for our kids, who loved it.  My 3-year old has been singing "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs here... for a month now.  My older kids also enjoyed it, and have played this video repeatedly.  If the story ended there, I'd give it 3 stars.  I hope my kids don't read this, but my wife and I had a blast opening up a Ben and Jerry's one night and throwing in this video.  I can't believe how many of these we remember!  3 stars for the kids liking it, plus 2 more for the walk down memory lane for my wife and I.
 Wow! I love this DVD. It brought back so many memories for me when I used to see it on tv and now I can share it with my children.  It's a great and fun way to learn.  I was surprised to see how many songs I remembered.
 This is a great! If you watch this with your kids it can really help them get interested in learning about things that otherwise would be really BORING! But even after they know the songs you will still have to explain to them what they are singing. It is a Great learning tool!
 When I was a kid School House Rock was a Saturday morning staple. Its how I learned my X tables, how a bill becomes a law, etc. When my kids were young I bought the series on video (3 or 4 videos) and they wore them out. This year, I decided to buy it for my nephews (ages 3 & 5). On Christmas Eve I asked my 18 yo daughter to wrap it up for me...before she wrapped it though she opened it up and watched the whole dvd  set with her boyfriend. She said it brought back memories! If I'd known she would get so excited over it I would have given her one for Christmas too. LOL!  Anyway, School House Rock is a must for all children. Its great entertainment and a teaching tool that they will love to watch over and over, guaranteed.
 This DVD is phenomenal. My sons love it. They used to play Schoolhouse Rock on ABC every Saturday morning in between the Saturday morning cartoons. As a kid, ABC educated us without us knowing it. The basic rules of grammar, math and U.S. history that I learned from Schoolhouse Rock, I was able to use in school. Children nowadays need more of this and less violence. Schoolhouse Rock can be incorporated in elementary school education.
 School House Rock is classic.  It teaches some basics in grammar, math, history, government, etc (all in a catchy way that kids grab on to).  These "commercials were one of the few ways I personally enjoyed learning about grammar as a kid. Too bad they don't still air them - or make new ones (especially as many school systems do not seem to think teaching -and enforcing - grammar is all that important).
 I am so happy that you have this product for purchase.  My children are now adults but grew up on "Schoolhouse Rock".  I thought it would be wonderful for my grandchildren to have this product, but never imagined that I would have found it or it was still available.  While looking over the products at Amazon.com on-line, there it was.  My grandchildren also love to read, so purchases from you will be many.  I love your on-line site and the many products you make available to your customers at prices that are affordable.  The way the economy has taken a turn for the worse, your prices and the many sales you have are a blessing to many.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
 Review of School House Rock What a delightful way for children to learn!  Who doesn't learn better when information is put to music.  The multiplication rock section is fantastic, not only because the child can learn through music, but the songs are the kind that stay in your head all day.  My grandson's school uses this DVD to teach every subject.  My son reminds me this was on tape when he was in elementary school, so it has been around for years.  Enjoy!
 These short videos/songs are such teaching tools, and also so entertaining. Why are they not on television anymore? We watched them every Saturday with our cartoons, and memorized every song.  I learned multiplication, grammar, history and science from these! The ONLY way I passed the constitution test in 8th grade was because I knew the preamble and the steps on how a bill becomes a law from watching it on Saturday mornings ;)  Every parent and school should have these - the kids will LOVE them (mine do!) and they will learn so much, and remember it too. I only wish that the Schoolhouse Rock people would have made more and covered more subjects ;)
 Every school should have this dvd. It has math, history, science and grammar. It's entertaining and educational. The children beg to watch a video that is secretly teaching them the things they need to learn. As an educator I believe this video is a dream come true. I only wish Hollywood would be producing more cartoons like this.
 I live overseas. I keep buying this for myself and then I'd give it to a family with young children as a means to assist them with learning English. It is a learning tool and entertaining as well. I like that it has a variety of American subcultures represented throughout the different presentations. I think I'll stock a few extra for gifts to my neighbors.
 I would switch channels as a child to make sure I saw Schoolhouse Rock every time that it was on.  Now I use it in my 3rd grade classroom to reinforce ideas with my students.  They love it!  I had been using the videos that I bought years ago, and I finally broke down and bought the DVD so that I could go straight to the song I needed for the concept I was teaching.  Still great even years later!!  (My students can't believe I watched it as a kid!)
 I remember these songs from childhood and wanted to share them with my children.  The DVD's are great quality and exactly what I wanted!
 The assignment
 These short segments that where done on American History are an excellent tool for teaching concepts about American Government that most people have no understanding.  As a college professor I have used this series to teach my students about the Constitution, principles on how our government works and the history of our country,  Schoolhouse Rock is more relevent today then it was 30 years ago.  The princples it teaches has been lost by many Americans.  My students juniors and seniors at the college leave can not answer basic question about their governmnet and how it works until they are shown Schoolhouse Rock.  I show these programs every semster in order to give my students a sense of how and why things occur in the their countries covernment.  I have gotten other colleaques at the college and high school level to use this series.  One of my colleagues an English teacher loves the vignettes on grammer and punctuation.  This series is no longer a series for children but a teaching aid for all levels of students.
 I bought this dvd for my daughter who is 4 after watching the "I'm just a bill video on Youtube and her asking "Show me again how a bill becomes a law The video is awesome. It keeps both of us entertained while providing accurate information. I would recommend this product to even parents with toddlers, because it is a good tool for get kids thinking about education through fun, catchy songs, and informative education that they can see and hear. A+ for this video, my daughter talks about prepositions, math, science, and history. I am so glad we bought it!
 I love the songs on this cd.  I still remember them from when I was a child and I am using the cd in my classroom, providing a fun easy way for my students to remeber mulitiplication patterns.
 My children were raised with Schoolhouse Rock! and I purchased multiple copies of this video for them -- and a few for some friends.  It's fun to watch "Conjunction Junction and "I'm Just a Bill and sing along..  Everyone loves it..
 Schoolhouse Rock is better now than I remember.  My entire family loves this and I can't believe how much they've learned from it and the best part is they don't know their learning!  Love it!
 It brings back many late 70's Saturday morning memeories for me with songs I remember every word of (like the Preamble cartoon) and ones I only slightly recalled or did not as well (like Conjunction Junction). I also enjoyed the special featurtes and audio commentaries by the SR creators.
 Now I'm loving it all over again with my children.  A great addition to learning at home! The songs will stick in your head for ever, but that's a good thing!
 I purchased this DVD to show to my students during the last few weeks of school. Playing the DVD was like a trip down memory lane. My students laughed as I sang along with some of the songs, but they too were soon singing along. They especially loved the electricity song. This DVD is well worth buying(even if you're not a teacher).
 This DVD helps kids understand grammar, American history, multiplication, science and important things to know about money (saving, borrowing, investing etc.). It also explains a little about the electoral college.  The songs go quickly, but if kids watch it over and over, they will learn the songs by heart and learn the information in it.  I got one for my family and bought some to give to friends and neighbors.
 THIS TAKES ME BACK TO WHEN I WAS A CHILD, & LEARNING MY MATH PLUS READING.  ALSO I WAS VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESPONSE TO MY ORDER.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
 I really enjoyed this. Took me back in time and really touched me as well. This was one of the best TV ideas ever concieved and a whole generation learned something from it! This one has all the songs and cartoons along with bonus material including the 4 years of Emmy awards. This one is definately worth it.
 I bought this because I recalled it fondly from my childhood and figured the lessons it taught are still applicable, therefore I might actually (re)learn somethings. I also thought my two-year old might, just might, like bits of it. Was I wrong. He absolutely loves it and is beginning to repeat the lyrics. I strongly recommend this to all.
 This had 4 30'somethings singing along and has gotten my eight year old to really remember something that was difficult - some of the multiplication songs do stick with you.
 Had a great time watching the Grammar Rock DVD at the dentist's office.  ALL of the hygenists came in asking what we were watching (while having my teeth cleaned).  Everyone knew them and told which ones were their favorites (I'm Just a Bill and Conjunction Junction).  My kids are grown so this video was for me.  One of the other ladies at work also bought one.  They are great for nostalgia!  Get them and you can be smarter than a 5th grader!
 my grandsons (ages 6, 7, 11) all enjoy this video.  makes learning fun.
 This DVD is GREAT!!!  I grew up on School House Rock, so I had SO much fun seeing all the shorts again.  My sons (10, 8, 4) loved it too.  I thought they might think it was "lame or outdated but they had as much fun watching it as I did... and I occasionally hear them repeating the catchy tunes.  You can't complain when your kids are enjoying something and learning at the same time.  And how about a refresher course for parents?  Great!
 My husband had this video as a kid and we gave it to my daughter to watch who's 3 years and she loves it!  Since she has been watching it so much and the original VHS tape is so worn we purchased this DVD.  She loves the DVD and it has so much more than the VHS version.  We find her singing the songs and requesting them by name.
 This is a wonderful learning tool for children or anyone who needs a refresher on the basics.  I was already a teenager when Schoolhouse Rock started but whenever I need to recall my grammer I can still hear "Conjunction, junction in my head thirty years later! Now my children are finding it just as useful.  Great tool!
 I learned the preamble of the Constitution when I was young listening to Schoolhouse Rock.  My boys are ages 5 and almost 9 and they are learning about nouns, conjunctions, electricity, history and algebra.  They love the songs and cartoon characters.  Very educational, but very cute!  Wonderfully fun way to learn.
 Although I bought this for the kids - all the adults are watching it too.  A collection of all the School House Rock segments from saturday morning has all of us claiming our name is "Bill and  singing all those catchy tunes we grew up with - and now our kids can too!  Fun and educational - who could ask for anything more!
 What more can I say? As a child of the 70's, I have always loved Schoolhouse Rock. We bought the DVD and the CD when School House Rock Live! came to town last fall, and our two older kids fell in love with it instantly. My 2 year old's favorite song is "Three is a Magic Number", my 3 year old's favorite song is "Conjunction Junction", and they both love to sing and dance to all the rest...we listen to the CD everyday as we drive around and we watch the DVD at least once a week. This is a great buy!
 I admit it, I grew up with these skits.  I love 'em.  Tell me that you don't sing when you try to remember The Preamble...  "We the People in order to form a more perfect union... The DVD is great.  It has all of the old songs and cartoons you remember from Saturday mornings as a kid.  I'm a teacher and I've been using it in my classroom as an extension of lessons.  I'm getting a whole new generation hooked on the songs..."Conjunction junction what's your function? I remember watching these as mini-commercials between different Saturday morning cartoons. Funny how some 30 years later, certain favorites are still in the old brain. I found myself singing along with "Conjunction, Junction and "I'm Just a Bill and going down memory lane as others played. My little ones are just as in love with these as I was at their age ... and it's so much nicer than watching "another DVD". Absolutely recommend this set!!!!
 This brought back an instant childhood flashback. Not only that but my 9 year old twins instantly fell in love with it and now the DVD is required by them once a day. Their Teachers are amazed at how they have taken to it and are ordering their own copies.
 My daughter and I have really enjoyed this DVD.  It is a bit confusing to get to the "play all function, but it is there and will play in order or shuffled.  You can also choose to play all the rocks in a particular category.  Her favorite is Tyrannosaurus Debt which was not even playing when I first watched these as a youngster.  This is an awesome DVD to have when I need 20 minutes to cook dinner or feed the baby and want the older child occupied with "intelligent TV.  Excellent purchase!
 I gave this to my wife, who is a history teacher, for Christmas and we decided to pop it in the DVD player to check it out.  It was amazing, how the memories flooded back.  Everyone in the family recalled their favorite Shoolhouse Rock! song and wouldn't let us take the DVD out until it was played!  Sometimes, more than once.  Even if you remember just one of these songs from your childhood, this DVD is worth every penny.
 We ordered this along with the Electric Slide. The style of learning offered in this DVD is amazing. My children are able to grapple difficult concepts with the simplistic cartoons and creativity offered. Hey, it even helped me understand quite a few things and I'm an adult. 
 I love Schoolhouse Rock...  In the late 70s/early80s--I used to wait for the commercials during Saturday morning cartoons for this...and when I started to watch the Smurfs on NBC--I would switch over to ABC at 9
 Years ago, I used to watch Schoolhouse Rock with my children and recommended it to my students as well. Today, it is entertaining and educating the next generation of our family's youngsters. The Special 30th Anniversary Edition will be a treasure that parents and grandparents can enjoy with the kids. It's money well-spent!
 Ahh! The memories!  Great memories of childhood and some instruction that is timeless.  Good video addressing several areas of basic academic skills and knowledge.
 If you are e member of Generation X and watched Saturday morning cartons, you have surely seen Schoolhouse Rock.  I never realized there were 40+ of these in all.  They are all great and teach math, science, history, grammar and other topics.  You can watch them individually or in their subject groupings.  A master "play all function seems to be missing.  They did a great job transferring the 30 year old animation to DVD.  Everything is very clear.  Great for a youngster discovering these for the first time, or a Generation Xer bringing back memories of Saturday morning cartoons.
 If you are a fan or into nostalgic televisions shows, this dvd hits the mark. Disney took control of this compliation of all the hit Saturday morning cartoon episodes.  So if you were a fan or have 5-12 year old kids, it will give you both something valuable to watch.  I believe this holds kids attention as when I saw it when I was my daughter's age.  If you are an educator, then this product would be an excellent purchase for your school.  It was an excellent investment. My family has enjoyed it very much.  One final thought.  Skip over the many Disney commercials for their products.  Just go to the main menu.  TPW
 I just can't say enough about this DVD...  it takes me back to when I was a kid watching cartoons on Saturday mornings.  I think this is great not only for kids in grade school, but for adults like me who want to watch it for pure enjoyment sake!
 It is wonderful to have all of these on one DVD.  I bought it for me because I love the songs and the animation, but my 6 year old little girl loves to watch them in order.  Her favorite is Interjections.  I couldn't be more proud of her.
 What a blast to the past.  Watching School House Rocks with my kids brings back so many fun childhood memories.  It is fun to learn it all again with my kids!
 I remember watching Schoolhouse Rock when I was a kid. This brings back great memories of learning. I'm so glad I was able to find ALL of them on one disk. Thank you!
 Everyone knows how great Schoolhouse Rock is.  This is my second purchase of the Aniversary Edition.  We used it so much that we wore it out.  These are a must have to keep in the van or car.  We make the most of travel time.  There is definitely a market for Educational DVD's for use in the van! The kids are captive and they do not know they are learning.  Rock and Learn are also a must have!  Please somebody.....keep them coming!
 My 61/2 yr old can now recite her 3's multiplication table, and sing the Preamble!  In fact, that's how I learned the Preamble when I was young!  My 2 1/2 yr old requests 'Lolly Lolly' and the boy is always asking to watch the conjunction junction 'train' one...  I only wish there were other dvd's out there like Schoolhouse Rock!!
 Where else can you get so much information, education and entertainment for such a great price?  I love it.  After watching it a few times, your kids will start singing about nouns,adjectives, math and of course the preamble to the constitution (that's how I learned it too).  We actually got this a few years ago but the dvd got so scratched up from my kids taking it everywhere.  I had to buy it again, it's worth it!
 This is the third time that I am buying this DVD, because everytime I show it to someone, they remember it, wish that they had it and I end up giving it to them.  (I'm 36 yrs old), as children, we grew up on Schoolhouse Rock and I want my two daughters to enjoy it and learn from it just like I did.  I remember my 9th grade Civics class singing "We the People... while taking a test.  I wish they had more programs like Schoolhouse Rock...our children are truly missing out on the "good old days!!!  Don't be fooled by those who have negative comments about this DVD.  It's worth every penny that they charge for it, if only for the memories alone.
 I only wanted to add that contrary to what one reviewer wrote,this product does have a "play all feature.  It's under the title "The Whole Enchilada".
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, so I really wanted my kid to experience it as well.  This Anniversary edition is fabulous.  My 4 year old doesn't really care about the 2nd 'bonus' DVD, but the 1st DVD has all the School House Rock segments (math, science, grammer, etc..) and he loves it.  Not only is it educational, but 200 minutes of SHR sure helps on those long car trips!
 This collection has proved to be priceless for teaching concepts in the classroom.  To have every song in one CD simplifies my job as an English teacher.  My eighth grade students love it when we start our writing session with one of the catchy jingles!
 When my children were young, they loved School House Rock. We sang Conjunction Junction. They never forgot the important concepts in grammar, math, social studies, and science. I boutght the DVD for my grandchildren, ages 3 to 12) A whole new generation loved School House Rock. What a great gift for grandkids.
 This is a great DVD to own in a collection of family entertainment! It brings back the memories to my Junior High days in the early 70's just watching this on Saturday mornings! About 30 years later it's still entertaining and yet you yearn for more of this! Still educational as well! A+ all the way!
 Still the undisputed king of educational videos.  At 43 years old, I can still remember the words to all these songs.
 I cherish these cartoons from my childhood. I have bought two copies and intend to buy more for family and friends. If you have children these DVDs are a great value. Their educational value makes them priceless. Some songs are better than others, but overall this is just a great concept. My neices, age 5, watches the DVD everyday.
 My 8 yr old and my 11 yr old sat side by side for hours watching the same DVD over and over and over again. What bargain! And what happened? They learned something too; more then they learned from watching SPIDERMAN and Monsters Inc.
 I homeschool both my girls so I bought this video to help my girls have a fun way to learn.  They just love the songs!!!  My six year old runs around singing "Conjunction Junction, what's your function?  My eight year old loves the history videos.  I would recommend this video to everyone, whether you homeschool or not.  It's a great educational video.
 I love this DVD!  I grew up in front of the television with my cup of Captain Crunch and watching Schoolhouse Rock every Saturday morning.  I remember more about basic mathematics, grammar and history from this series than from my elementary school classes.  I can still sing the Preamble to the United States Constitution, "Figure Eight", "Conjunction Junction and "I'm Just a Bill more than 30 years later.  It's a timeless educational classic for those of us who grew up in the '70s and for the generations that have followed!
 I grew up with these vignettes, and couldn't wait to watch the DVD.  While I was thinking back to when I was 8 or 9, I noticed my 4-year old enrapt.  I thought the old-fashioned animation would be less than eye-catching for her.  Instead, I found her mesmerized by the tunes.  How wonderful!  To anyone who remembers watching Saturday cartoon and singing "I'm just a Bill The 30th Anniversary DVD and its companion SCRIPTURE ROCK are constantly spinning at our house, and have been for years. You can't beat the fun educational value of a great catchy song.
 I used to look forward to these shorts more than the cartoon that were aired around them.  These informative shorts were hip and fun for my generation and I dare say still hold up.  This dvd is loaded with extras and great interactive menus (with hidden features, keep your eyes open). It even contains modern artists interpretions of some of these songs (some excellent renditions and fun videos). Do yourself a favor and buy this for the child inside and the children you have now!!
 Revisiting these snippets from my childhood was incredible!  I can remember a time when just seeing "Interjection would mean that I had a great weekend.  Now I can have a good weekend every weekend. I've spent the past three days engrossed in the DVDs.  The animation may be of a lower quality than we've become used to, but the lyrics and music are incredible.  I haven't been able to stop singing "Sufferin' til Suffrage and "Rufus Xavier Sasparilla".  I recieved the DVDs as a gift and a dozen of us sat down (during a party) and watched these wonderful animated gems.  Share them with your kids, your parents, your students, and DEFINITELY your friends.  Entertaining, energetic, and educational (we all need a brush up now and then, don't we?)
 This DVD is great.  To be able to go back and see all of the old School House Rock videos was really cool.  I now have a little girl of my own and I want her to be able to learn grammer, history, math and science in a fun way like I was able to do 30 years ago.  The songs and video hold up as well today as it did 30 years ago and my daughter loves to watch and dance to the music.  I recomend this to all parents and people who just want to walk down memory lane, you'll find your self sing conjunction junction and I'm just a bill in the shower.
 Without a doubt one of the best Saturday morning cartoons even produced and the best way to learn about grammar, history and politics. How many times have you ever found yourself saying "I'm just a Bill or "Conjunction Junction", in most crowds you will get a smile and maybe even a sing along on those crafty and informative tunes. This DVD offers all of the popular songs with special emphasis on what many fans votes were the Top 10. There is also a new song featuring a voter booth named Boothy who sings about the importance of voting. The menus are fun and easy to click through. The only beef I had are the idiotic and unnecessary Disney commercials placed on the disk, you cant skip them easily and they are annoying! Otherwise this is a most welcome addition to my DVD library and will be a prized for some time.
 Back in the 70s, I learned a lot about grammar, math and the Constitution from these short cartoons.  Watching them again after 30 years, they are compact and entertaining miracles, combining catchy tunes with a surprisingly large amount of information.  I plan to give a number of these as Christmas gifts to people with children.  Leave your kids in front of the TV with this DVD, and they will likely surprise you with how fast they pick this stuff up.
 I received this DVD today and can't say enough wonderful things about it.  My 8 year old sat and watched it with me and thought it was so funny (not realizing he was actually learning).  I remember answering test questions with knowledge gained from these songs while I was growing up.  You will find yourself singing along with "Conjunction junction whats your function and "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here".  "It was a hairy bear, it was a scary bear, so I unpacked my adjectives".  They have a brochure inside that has the words to the top 10 songs.  I really appreciate how much I learned and now to have them all together in one DVD to share with my kids!!  What a great Christmas present to give and get!!!!
 When I saw that Schoolhouse Rock was coming out on DVD, I was immediately taken back to 7th grade American History when our teacher asked if anyone knew the Preamble to the Constitution.  I raised my hand and stood up and recited the entire thing.  My teacher was very impressed and said that I had it down perfectly, except that it wasn't actually a song.  That was news to me!  As a mother I thought back on that day and realized the educational value of these little songs that pack so much important information, and I just had to treat my kids to the fun.
 Geez anyone who wants the kids to learn and enjoy it should get this DVD. The shuffle feature will be just like watching ABC on Saturday morning in the 70's. You just didn't know which subject was coming up next. Could be "I'm just a Bill", "Figure Eight or my personal favorite "Interjections". My two year old sings, "And the preamble goes like this...We the people, in order to form a more perfect union.... in her own darling way. My four year old actually knows what a Noun is and why there are fireworks on the fourth of July. This series is the best way to teach many subjects in a way that is known to stick. Music! (and cute cartoons too)
 In this captivating collection of Schoolhouse Rock! you get all the old favorites ranging from My Hero, Zero to Little Twelvetoes.  There are also great grammar numbers like Conjuntion Junction and Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here, as well as mini civics lessons such as I'm Just A Bill and a new one on the electoral college, I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College, which adults could learn a little about as well.  Bob Dorough composed and sang many of the songs, but you also hear Blossom Dearie and The Lemonheads among others.  Of course what makes this collection special is that you have all the animated pieces to go along with the songs, which provided valuable fillers between Saturday morning cartoons all those years ago.  Too bad The Cartoon Channel didn't pick up on these animated classics, instead of Disney, as it would make the viewing experience a little less mind-numbing for children.  So, I bought this collection to fill in the gaps.
 I love Schoolhouse Rock! I own the videos and cannot wait for the DVD. As you can tell, the "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly... song is my favorite, although all of them are great. I actually put them to good use in school; they really do work in teaching kids about basic math, grammar and history. I still fall back on some of the songs for info...even now that I'm an adult...
 My Mom bought my siblings and I this DVD and we absolutely LOVE it.  Every day we watch it, and everyone walks around singing, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, get your adverbs here!!! 
 All the favorites that you remember, plus more - they make learning fun!
 My children grew up with Schoolhouse Rock and now my grandchildren can learn from the same fun and educational songs. I still remember the words to some of the songs.  Don't pass this by it is something you and your children will enjoy and learn from!
 Another generation is now able to enjoy and learn.
 Love it!  It definitely takes me back to my childhood.  I still remember most of the songs.  The best part is my five year old is into it too.  He now knows what adjectives are and we have fun trying to come up with adjectives for all of our outings.  He's great at it.  We also have the cd so he sings along with me in the car.  He's learning a lot and having fun too.
 While I'm sure the core audience for this material is elementary aged, my daughter (age 3) absolutely LOVES Schoolhouse Rock! and has for quite a while.  While the finer points of the material are undoubtedly lost on her (she cannot read, after all) she still gets the gist of much of it and has her favorites.  Besides, the material is at least as interesting as Mazzie, Dora, the Wiggles, etc for a child of this age
 Schoolhouse Rock IS THE BEST!!!  I learned my multiplication ANd how to sing (a little) from watching these mini shows back in the 70"s. This IS, and WILL be a VERY BEST buy for you, ESPECIALLY, if you have small children. Better than Barney, folks!!
 I am so glad I purchased this DVD set! I had been talking about Schoolhouse Rock with my 2 sons, 14&4, and decided to just buy it! We all watched it! My 4 year old is going around singing "Conjunction Junction and so is my 14 year old! I had forgotten what a great teaching tool these were!
 Wanted to use something to help kids at our school with basic grammar. I figured since I remember these from 30 years ago, the kids might remember them too.  They are enjoying them and I am starting to here them sing them in the hall.  They don't even realize they are doing it.
 I really enjoyed watching these when I was a kid, and was so happy to find this Schoolhouse Rock! (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) (2)DVD set at such a great price. Our own children have been watching this and now they are going around the house singing some of the same catchy (but educational) songs that I did when I was little. It's history repeating itself, and I've enjoyed watching this all over again with them. I highly recommend this fun 2 disc set!
 A classic - highly entertaining and educational. I just bought another copy since our son wore our the first one after several years of hard use.
 Saturday Mornings.... Cartoons were on that weren't just half-hour advertisements for toys. Warner Brothers and Hanna-Barbera ruled the airwaves during the morning hours. Sneaking in now and then were live-action classics from Sid and Marty Krofft. And between shows, if you were on the right channel at the right time, were these quirky little musical cartoons. They had catchy tunes, and kept us glued to the TV between shows.  And they educated. They actually taught us things. Things we could use later in school, and throughout life. Basics of grammar, mathematics, history, science, civics and more, all in 3-minute chunks.  Now, Saturdays are cultural wastelands, "educational TV is mostly unheard of outside of PBS (because e/i rules don't apply to cable), and the only cartoons that don't exist solely to sell toys are adult-oriented.  Thankfully, with this DVD set, we can return to the glory days of Saturday Mornings, and share the experience with a new generation. Remember, it's great to learn, 'cause knowledge is power!
 Bought this because I was still singing the songs in my 40s and my daughter had been assigned to watch School House Rocks Conjunctions for homework. They helped her and was fun for both of us.
 They are all here. All the ones you remember from Saturday morning. Still relevant...I loaned it to a friend for her daughter to learn multiplication tables.
 I got this video for my class of first graders.  I remember watching these videos and singing these songs as a kid.  I learned a lot from them and thought my class would too.  I was right!  My class loves the songs about America and watching them has resulted in many discussions about our country's history.  I have also used the grammar songs to introduce concepts to my class and the songs and videos really help them better understand the concepts we are studying.  I would highly recommend this video for use in any classroom.  The songs are short and "catchy and provide a fun and novel way to learn.
 I have to say my 7 1/2 year old LOVES this DVD. She has learned her 3 times tables thanks to 3 is a Magic Number. I remember watching these as a child growing up in the 70's and now thanks to DVD's another generation is getting to enjoy all the awesome shows we got to watch as children. Bravo!
 the product came quickly and was better than expected, the cover was nice and clean, disc play perfectly and the kids are enjoying it already as me and my wife do too.
 school house rock is a great dvd with lot of great songs from Grammar rock, science rock, money rock, multiplication rock, and america rock.
 I loved School House Rock growing up.  It was so neat to see these again. I am almost certain they are all here.  We just received this Friday afternoon, and I popped this in with other cartoon 'oldies' yesterday morning.
 My children love these just as much as my sister and I loved watching them when they used to play them on TV.  They are funny, creative, and educational.  I highly recommend this DVD.
 Awesome product. A perfect addition to my classroom instruction. My students really enjoyed the music with the jingles and the animations. Makes learning fun.
 LOVE THIS STUFF.  GREAT CONDITION!  NOT ONLY CAN I REVISIT THE STUFF I DON'T REMEMBER BUT LISTEN TO SOME GREAT TUNES WITHOUT THE CURSING,ETC... 
 School House Rock is timeless! As a father of 5 children I see ever increasing holes in our education. The students are learning more at a greater pace and earlier in their lives. They truly are receiving a great education. However, I get the sense that some material is grazed over or skipped. School House rock is a fantastic way to give your children (and the adults in your life) reinforcement in the basics of education. Strengthen their educational foundation by putting this DVD in your player and letting it loop when the TV is not in use. The children will hear it, will stop and watch, and will absorb the information. I give this a high recommendation!
 Back when learning was fun and was filled with more information than special effects and crazy antics. All of the songs are here including a new "lost track. Within the menu you can choose an individual video, by group (science, grammar, etc) or click on The Whole Enchilada for it to go through all of them. This is something that is good for either younger children or those who have not been subjected to the barrage of the new tween soap dramas. The information is a bit outdated with references to record players and a computer that most children this generation have never seen, however the jungles are catchy and the core material is there.
 This Video has most of my favorites - Conjunction Junction, I'm just a bill, you know them. It's amazing that in 25 years no one's been able to top them. I wonder how many high school seniors know as much as a kid who watches these videos about history, science, grammar, and math. I prefer DVD, but whatever. My kids watch it all the time. I like it too. The songs are as fun. These clever rhymes are unforgettable, but unlike some annoying kid's songs, you don't really want to forget these.   I really feel like my kids need to be informed about the Bible too, (whatever they choose to believe later), so I have also been thrilled that they made a CD and DVD called Scripture Rock.
 It's all SchoolHouse Rock's fault! It (that's a pronoun) sucked me in as a kid with its great melodies and clever lyrics as I learned everything I ever needed to know in school.  While other kids wondered why I knew so much about the parts of speech or how I knew so much about math OR America, I was setting the curve and ultimately became high school valedictorian.  Then I went to college and earned degrees in both mathematics (master's) and music (bachelor's).   Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon...it's all your fault!   Now that I've been a college mathematics teacher, a high school & middle school band director, and now a senior software engineer, I listen to SchoolHouse Rock while I work and my little baby girl now has SchoolHouse Rock on DVD.  Hopefully, it'll be your fault she has a head start in school also! ;-) Thanks, CLR PS- HEY ABC/DISNEY...WHY DON'T YOU SET ASIDE AT LEAST 30 MINUTES EVERY SATURDAY MORNING FOR A SOLID BLOCK OF SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK??!!  It may not have trading cards to license, but it would be the best thing on TV (again)!
 Just on the strength of the material alone, this DVD is a must-have for parents who grew up with these terrific, educational animations. The great shame is that most people only remember "Conjunction Junction - "3 Is A Magic Number, "A Noun Is A Person Place or Thing, "Interjections! "Ready Or Not, Here I Come and the classic "I'm Just A Bill - if you heard these only once as a child, you'll be surprised at how much you retained. While the animation is very limited, adults and children alike will love watching Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD goes one step further, however
 Super FAST delivery, which was GREAT. My grand kids ages 4. 6. 7. 8. 9.& 13 loved this. Great learning tool. I bought 2, one for home and one for grandma house.
 Amazing how the kids pick up on the songs so quick.  A great learning tool, old school but aswome.  I still sing the songs when I am trying to remember grammar.  And who doesn't love a "bill". I have to say even my teenagers are in the room watching when it is on, which can only help them too.
 Worth every penny. Very educational and a good refresher for all ages. It's rare you buy a dvd and are amazed by how much quality material is on it.. they definitely didn't skimp out on this one. Includes all the original songs and awesome bonus features. Five stars.
 I received the dvd on time, and in mint condition.  Watching this with my kids takes me back to my own childhood.
 Ok great and it also taught me a few things I didn't know or don't remember I love the money segment oh 1000% worth it a must buy for little my motto is they might as well learn while watching tv.
 This DVD includes all of the classic School House Rock clips, plus a little more. Very nostalgic! A great addition to one's DVD library. Also good for home-schooled children.
 I bought this DVD a while back, and I donated it to my local elementary school. I thought they needed a copy of this, and it's great for the kids to watch and learn from.  Even if you don't want this DVD yourself, then buy it anyway, and donate it to your local elementary school. They were happy for my donation. I may even buy a few more of them to hand out.  This DVD sure brings back memories, it is a keepsake, and something for you to enjoy along with your children, and grandchildren.  As old as these songs are, they still are fun to watch.
 If you liked school house rock as a kid, then you will like this dvd and so will your kids/grandkids.  It's fun to watch and reminisce.
 All those videos you remember and sang along to are here - "Conjunction Junction, "I'm Just a Bill and the rest.  When shown on HD, the pixilation shows from its older recorded format, but the sound quality is good.  Show these to your children and grandchildren, and sing along like you used to!
 If you are a child of the 70's or of any age, this DVD is great way to remember your childhood, have fun or learn something new. I think everyone who has children,  grand children, nieces, nephews,  etc can find a way to use this DVD. To tell you how effective these songs are when a friend from grade school was taking a college history course, he had to write down the preamble to the Constitution and half the class was humming the tune in this DVD. Try this DVD and see for yourself.
 I am a language arts teacher and love using this for a fun opening to parts of speech.  Great experience!!
 How cute and how fun it was to watch.  Although I didn't care for the menu setup (especially on how to play each segment), it still didn't take away from the overall good time I had watching them.  I give this seller an A++ for prompt shipping and excellent playing quality of the dvds.  I'd recommend this seller for anyone looking for dvds.
 I bought this set for my grand-daughter in hopes that she would enjoy it as much as I did growing up. Anyone who has ever enjoyed Schoolhouse Rock knows that it is a great educational tool making learning fun! Go School House Rock! 
 Bought this for ourselves and for our son.  We love that it has all the original songs and videos.  If you watch all of them at once it does go on for quite a long time, but it's nice because as we play we can listen to it and then it's still there to watch when we're ready for more down time.  Great nostalgia and our son really loves the music, so we're hoping it will hold his interest long enough for him to start learning some from it, too.  The only thing about this collection is that I don't think we've ever once watched whatever is on the second dvd, we really only wanted it for the original songs anyway so while it's not that big a deal, I do feel it could have been cheaper to have just left that out.
 I've always sang Schoolhouse Rock songs around the house and to find the DVD with all the songs on it was awesome!!  My daughter loves it and it's helping her learn her multiplication as it helped me a zillion years ago!
 Grandchildren love this and want it played over and over. They keep going back to it to help with thier studies.
 I grew up on School House Rock, and I introduced my son to the series when he was much younger.  Now I have some nieces and nephews who are at an age where they can appreciate the knowledge and learn the songs.  It's amazing how fun the series still is!
 I gave this dvd to my brother's son and it remains one of the best presents I ever gave. The cartoon segments accompanied by great music are educational and lots of fun!
 Bought this movie about 3 weeks ago. My child has not stopped wanting to watch it since it arrived. I had been playing the songs on a CD that I burned, and she loved them, learned them extremely fast, so I thought she would love to see them illustrated and put into motion. She knows all of the songs and recites multiplication table and told me yesterday that she loves the "Barter song".  She is 3. I see that this review isn't really even necessary, however I must profess my love for it all the same. Bringing back memories and creating new ones. We are a lucky generation to have such an experience.
 I  purchased this DVD so my daughter could experience a piece of my childhood. She walks around singing the songs and it just melts my heart.  She has learned a lot from the songs too.
 Who doesn't love School House Rock? I bought this as a present for my friend for receiving her teaching credentials and we had so much fun watching it. I know that they were from the 1970s but they are as applicable today as they were when they were originally created and when I used to watch them in the 90s. Personally, if everyone watched these and committed them to memory we would all be well informed citizens. So buy it and enjoy. You will be surprised how much you need to re-learn or what your teachers really should have taught you.
 My students now sing the exact words to the Preamble.  That pretty much sums up my love for this DVD and series!
 My husband is a teacher of middle school English Language Learners.  In the 70s, my own children were singing along with this (conjunction junction; lolly, lolly, lolly...) and their mom couldn't help but sing along too.  Since these concepts are essential, he has found this DVD fun and effective for these youngsters to remember parts of speech.  This 30th Anniversary Special Edition has that and much more, just as remembered.  The extra features are a big plus as well.  You'll love it!
 I COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW  QUICKLY I RECEIVED THIS DVD (2DAYS), THIS IS A CLASSIC THAT EVERY FAMILY SHOULD OWN, I GREW UP WATCHING THESES LESSONS AND STILL USE THEM TODAY WITH MY FAMILY. ITS ONE OF THE BEST INVESTMENTS IV MADE.
 i'm 50 and dropped out of school in the 8th grade. But i know how the US government works and what the Preamble to the United States Constitution is, and all the things that this dvd has on it. and i learned it saturday morning when i was a kid, waiting for the next cartoon to start. if your kid is a straight A student he won't need this. get him boxing lessons he'll probably need them, but if he's a idiot like me this will Help him in his Future when he go's back to school after he joins the Army, gets married and has 4 kids and wakes up one morning and says to him self. "how in the hell am i going to feed this bunch without a education". the info he accidentally learns on this dvd will give him the Confidence to give school 1 more shot, and make it this time. good luck
 I am currently studying to become an elementary school teacher. This movie is the perfect resource which I am certain will help me teach my future students. I have seen already how the interactive and catchy tunes have helped my younger siblings excell. If you buy this movie you will not be disappointed! Thank you Scool House Rock!!!!
 I am so glad to have this in my video collection.  Brought huge smiles to my husband and I (and I'm sure my daughter will appreciate it when she is older).  I loved these little bits of educational songs and fun characters when I was a child, and I'm so happy they are around for me to share with my daughter!
 I bought this for my kids and 2 more for gifts.  All the kids (still) love it!  And of course, it brings back fond memories of my childhood!
 I remember these when they were on TV when I was a kid and years later I can still sing some of those songs from memory. These shorts were always catchy, fun and you learned something.  I'd love to see them back on Saturday morning TV for all kids to experience. The DVD has the segments just as they were. If you loved them back when they aired, you'll enjoy singing along with them them now. And maybe even get a new generation interested.
 I love this product.  My 8 year old son came home from school one day singing songs from School House Rock.  I asked him "where did you learn that?  I told him I used to sing it when I was a kid.  He said his teacher played the DVD at school.  He asked me to get it for him to help him learn his multiplication.  I found the product on Amazon.com and surprised him with it.  It is a great educational tool.  It has all the songs I remember.  He watches it on the DVD player while I am driving.  It is a great way to learn while on the road and at home while relaxing.
 Schoolhouse Rock is an all-time great.  It is educational and fun to sing the songs.  We purchased it for a 6-year old (and ourselves) and she has learned some of the songs after only watching it a few times.  When she actually does learn this material in school, she will already have a jump start!
 This video is an excellent tool for the classroom. We all know that it's easier to learn information when it's put to music. These individual lessons create a friendly learning atmosphere for students to learn important lessons in all core areas. I would highly recommend it to every educator, especially in the elementary levels. It is also great review for middle school and high school students.
 I purchased several DVDs (8-10) of the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) for my nieces and nephews because I had such fond memories of when I was a child and looked forward to Saturday mornings because that's when Schoolhouse Rock came on TV.  My nieces and nephews are thoroughly enjoying the DVDs and whenever they come to visit they bring the DVD with them so that we can enjoy it together.  Its great fun and a wonderful learning tool.  I LOVE IT still at age 48!!!
 Like millions of other kids, I grew up watching these videos. Now I'm using them in the classroom and they're working as well for the students as they worked for me.  I guess classics never go out of style.
 This was a great learning tool for me as a child.  It is frankly the things I remember most.  They are catchy songs which keep kids interested and they don't forget them.  This encompasses all the saturday mornings in one video.  Great price.
 It is always great to see these cartoons I grew up with on a regular basis! I am glad I bought it!
 I grew up on this stuff, and my kids LOVE it. I've used it to enhance their classroom work, as well as teach Cubscouts aspects of American History and Citizenship. A must-buy, especially at $13!
 I ordered this dvd to help my homeschooled son with his multiplication tables.  I watched School House Rock when I was a child, and I watching it again brought back some great memories!  My son has Asperger's Disorder, and he learns best with visual aids and repetition.  Now, if my son gets stuck on a multiplication problem, he sings through the songs he learned on the dvd to help him with the answer!  School House Rock is a great way to help reinforce many areas, from language arts to math.  I highly recommend this dvd!
 I'm always singing the lyrics to some of these to my grandbaby without remembering them correctly.  I played it for her the other night. Her eyes lit up and she giggled as she heard the songs I had attempted to sing.  Now she can watch and listen to them.  What a great time we had.  My son learned these when they were on TV as originals.  This is a great learning tool and I recommend it to everyone with young kids!
 I loved it for my son. I learned from these shows as a child and I hope it does the same for my child.
 We ordered this Schoolhouse Rock series to use in the education of our children.  We remember these when we were children and thought it would be a great series to use for the next generation.  The kids love them and already sig along to some of the songs.
 This is awesome, just like old times, all the great jingles!  I love it
 Our child is much too young to really understand this, but we thought we might as well try to hold her attention with something educational. She doesn't really care about watching any TV and this didn't change that, but it's better than Barney!
 Our 3 and 6 year olds love the videos and have started memorizing some of the songs.  Hopefully, they will remember the grammer rules when writing.  Even my wife and I sometimes sing the songs.  This was well worth the cost.
 I love this CD!  I use it to help my students with their grammar and it makes things a lot of fun! The songs from my youth are fun a wonderful reminder for those who heard them as kids, and wonderful new experience for the younger students.
 loved watching it as a child and love watching them with my kids. They really make learning easy and fun
 The songs I remembered (and loved) are better than I remembered! I'd forgotten several that came back to me as I watched them, and they're great. The newest ones aren't quite as good, but they're not bad and they're pure bonus.  I'm so impressed by how many songs have been included.  The audio/visual quality is great, the selection screens are very nice, and all of this for so little money!  Yay!
 Loved it then, love it now.  I am introducing it to my kids and they really enjoy it...
 This brings back so many memories from when I was a child.  Great for anyone's collection.  My five year old son loves this DVD!
 I am replacing my old VHS tapes, because over the course of 24 years, my kids are STILL watching--and wearing them out!  Simplicity and pure genius at work with our educational system.  No wonder I'm raising a bunch of retro-kids who are surpassing their peers based on BASICS and not "super-curriculums"! "Verb", "Naughty Number Nine", "Interjections", and "Mother Necessity are my favorites, tho' I love em' all!
 I have loved these songs since I was a kid.  They are timeless little songs that are easy to learn and therefore help you remember importants facts such as "a noun is a person, place or thing. From multipication, to english, to history, this is a fun way to learn.
 Has all the classics as well as the later Schoolhouse Rock songs.  The best part is you can custom create a playlist of the classic numbers.  Great dvd!
 This was purchased for a High School Social Studies/ History teacher...the classes had never seen them before. They were learning about the constitution and this fit right in. After class, the hallways were filled with "Singing". This video is not just for those who remember them, or the very young, but for all ages.
 This is so fun for kids and adults.  I use this as a review with GED adult students and with elementary students as an introduction to parts of speech.  We ALL enjoy them!
 It's so nice to be able to show my kids the School House Rock collection - something that I grew up watching and loving.
 I am so happy to have rediscovered these great clips that introduce in a funny and easy way how to learn your numbers and verbs and nouns.  It brought back such a time in my life where things were simple, I LOVE IT AND YOU WILL TOO.
 I forgottedn how much information they used to put in these songs. Buy this item for your kids now because even after 3 decades there still isnt anything better!
 I remember these programs being on tv on Saturday mornings.  As a teacher, I am now using them in my classroom.  The kids love them!
 This video has every song and as a teacher I have gotten to use it multiple times...I teach middle school and the songs are great because they are light and goofy but get the point across.
 A generation of American kids grew up with School House Rock. Now our kids can, too!  Includes everything that you ever saw, plus new stuff, plus a few that were made back then but never released. 2 DVDs plus a nice booklet. Some of the animated songs are better than others, but then again we can't watch "I'm Just a Bill and "Conjunction Junction all day long!  This must be one of the most beloved products on amazon. Out of over five hundred voters, 88 PERCENT give it 5 stars, and 96 PERCENT give it at least 4 stars.
 I grew up watching school house rock. The DVD brought back so many memories. Now I can share these simple lessons with my kids ages 2 and 6. I decided to buy it after seeing the play school House rock live. I'm really glad that I bought it. My son enjoys the option of mild or spicy. Which is watching the songs in order or in random order. I have never see this option on a DVD before.
 Our two-year-old boy is loving this DVD and all the songs.  Cracked us up when he sang, "Conjuction Junction, what's your function?  Hooking up words and frozen waffles...  Buy it - you won't be disappointed.  Only thing that could be better is the DVD navigation.
 I love this DVD set.  It takes me back to my Saturday mornings as a kid, singing along at the top of my lungs!  LOL  My husband is in love all over again as well.  Now with our 3 yr old we are creating new memories.  There are days when we are driving and he starts singing "Conjuntion, Juntion, what's your function  I love it!  What a great feeling!
 Like a lot of reviewers I had seen the SHR clips when my kids were little. Now that I keep one of my grandchildren fulltime I was looking for something to teach Math, History, Science, Grammar etc. in a fun manner. This DVD has a little bit of everything. Another reviewer had mentioned instead of having the kids listen to nursery rhymes let them hear SHR. Made sense to me. The fact that so many reviewers recall how remembering these catchy tunes helped them during stressful tests made me interested enough to purchase this DVD. Plus it's a great value with 2 DVDs, and ALL 46 songs! I enjoy the DVD as much as my little toddler does. I'm sure she will have even more appreciation of the wit and educational value of this video as she gets older. The Playlist feature is great! I love the options you are given in using this DVD. The only complaint I have is the over the top number of Disney promos at the beginning. I can see having one preview, but the number they place at the beginning is unnecessary, stupid and annoying.
 This is a good dvd set to not only remember the good times of childhood, but to teach your grandchildren about grammer and math etc. I'm watching it now and I remember The Preamble Song. I seen it when I was about 7 but when I took the constitution test in 8th grade and had to write The Preamble, I remembered the song and got an A+ on the test. This set is for everyone.
 This is great.  So many memories for me and new adventures for my daughter.
 This edition has both grammar and science.  I like being able to use the specific topic easily.
 As a reviewer, I cannot add more to the long and very excellent discussion of the "Schoolhouse Rock cartoons.  As a teacher, however, I can say that not only are these little gems entirely appropriate to the classroom, but a wonderful vehicle still for teaching the "basics of language, the parts of speech, and the workings of government.  I would strongly recommend them.
 Seems there is a whole mass of people, now in their late thirties and forties, who can recite school house rock verbatim and sound well-educated. I'd never heard of it, but was impressed to hear my husband sing "Conjunction Junction, What's Your Function? and the preambles of the U. S. Constitution. Kids should listen to "School House Rock in their classrooms as well as at home, I'm so impressed
 I'm very satisfied.  I use this to help introduce topics in my 5th grade classroom.  The kids love it.  Still relevant after all these years.
 I grew up with School House Rock and simply loved it.  I recently purchased the Special 30th Anniversay Edition for my grandson so he could enjoy it too.  He loves it just as much as I did, and as I still do!  We've watched and enjoyed it together.
 I teach fourth grade and bought this product to use in my classroom. The students love it. They are now requesting to hear different songs. They think they are just being able to watch a movie but I have seen a spike in quiz scores since I started showing these three minute miracles.
 My grandson loves this video . . . he beggs to watch it and is learning so much so fast!
 I grew up with Schoolhouse Rock!  I am so delighted that I get to share all of these great videos with my daugher.  We both LOVE them!!!
 Product just as I remembered as a Saturday morning cartoon loving kid! But...it's even better with added features and new songs. Very helpful teaching my child the preamble.
 This DVD set is great for memorization. Kids want to do extra school with this product everyday.
 It is foolish to not use these brilliant videos now. These videos teach about more than grammer..they teach about the economy, using energy resourses, and many lessons we got as kids. In song form no less..  Mabye we should remember what a valuable resource this is, and its FUN for them. The songs are catchy and stick in your head..even after over ten years I still know all of the words and lessons taught. I play these for my kids all of the time.
 I didn't watch this at all when I was a kid.  I think it started just at the age I stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons.  So, I got it as an adult and watched it.  What fun!  Soon my kids will be watching them too I hope.
 I loved these as a kid. Now my kids love them. I still love them!!!!!
 Even today's generation of kids loves this collection!  Educational and fun! These productions have stood the test of time and our 8 year old, along with us, loves 'em! This will not disappoint!
 Love School House Rock. My kids (almost 4 and almost 6) enjoy the entire disc. I even hear them singing the songs around the house and asking more questions about the things they are learning. Very Cool. Also a great refresher for parents on all the school facts that we have most certainly forgotten along the way.
 This collection has every song they made. It's fun & brings back great memories of childhood Saturday mornings! Fast delivery, O/G product & sealed. I lost my remote, but can still operate manually, so I'm happy!
 I bought this for my grandson's birthday.  They all love to receive DVDs and they'd viewed Schoolhouse Rock videos from the library.  This was even better than they expected.  My daughter loves the way it is set up so you can choose from the various themes.  The children all loved it.  It kept the attention of the two year old and the older children were not only entertained but learned a lot.  This is definitely a five star DVD (and nostalgic for those of us who remember when they were on TV).
 This is an all-time great. I remeber these coming on as commercials whne I was growin up and used them to get me past a few tests all the way up to high school. Now I have gotten it for my children and also bought it for an english teacher in Japan to use with their class. Its a must have.
 Some will watch School House Rock for nostalgia. Some will watch it for education. Some will watch it for kitsch. Many will watch it because they can't get the catchy songs out of their head. No matter your reason, there's a lot to love in these classic cartoons.
 I initially purchase this DVD for my kids, after all these are the same jingles that I listened to growing up and learning about grammar. My kids are enjoying them thoroughly! The surprise for me came, because I never truly realized how many different jingles they had made. I am certain that anyone who is looking for their Saturday morning nostalgic fix will not be disappointed.
 This set has every school house rock video on it. I often pull it out to introduce concepts (conjunctions or taxes) and then follow up with the lesson. No complaints.
 thirty years on, and the bill waiting to be a law is still just as catchy as it was when i first heard it.  only now, it's my kids walking around, singing about the shot heard 'round the world.  and truthfully, i don't know how my parents survived the interjection of lally, or the conjunction junction.  i have a four year old sining the nines, and a three year old quoting parts of the preamble.  yeah, some of this is very dated--the idea of shopping with a check?  elbow room?  the electricity song makes me cringe a bit, but they get the IDEA, in big capital letters.  and the want to hear it again and again and again.  lovin' it.  yay!
 I wanted quality movies for my kids to watch and this really fits the bill
 I love this DVD!  My students love watching, they are younger, and did not get to watch the videos on Saturday mornings like I did as a child.  I have loved remembering my childhood, and I have loved watching my students start to learn in a different way.
 Although I say I bought this video for the kids, I really bought it for me!  I grew up loving these songs and it was a great trip down memory lane watching them.  Although the kids are a little young for the material (2 & 5) They enjoyed the cartoons and the songs.  I figure if they memorize the songs now, math will be easier when the time comes.  They learn better with songs and music at this age.
 Great value for ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos.  My class just loves it when I pop this one in.  After a short video on what our skill is for the day, they almost moan that it is over...they want more!  Perfect condition for a super item.
 My husband says this is his best birthday present ever.  He turned 37 today.
 I loved these videos on Saturdays when I was a kid! Now my kids get to re-discover them. I love this set!
 My 6 year old loves it, my husband loves it, I love it. We watch it together and apart. The cartoons are fun and educational-and this DVD has them all on it! A must buy!
 This video is awesome! All of the educational videos I used to see on TV as a kid! My kids love them just as I did!!
 I remember some of it from TV growing up! It's entertaining and educational, which makes it a "must buy if you have young children. My boys learned a lot from it like science and history, and they still like to watch it every now and then. Some parts are also great for adults!
 I think I bought this just as much for myself as for my five year old daughter.  She absolutely loves it!
 The box was in the original, unopened/brand new condition.  I was very happy with my purchase and with the speedy service I received.  The little one this was purchased for, loves to watch it!
 This complete collection is fun and has an easy to navigate menu.  A great deal for the price.  I'll always remember the Preamble to the Constitution!
 This DVD is great!  All my favorites (as well as others that I had forgotten!) from my favorite Saturday morning snippets that I remember growing up!  I've bought one for each of my nieces/nephews as well as other friends' kids!  These were so fun and valuable to me when I was growing up (you could hear most of the class humming to the Constitution's preamble during a test in High School social studies!) and I hope the music mixed with learning will be valuable to this next generation, too!
 Schoolhouse Rock! is just what every family with small children needs to balance out the learning at home (or in the car!).  I bought several as Christmas gifts, for young and old, as the compilation is as timeless as the art of getting a child to learn what otherwise could be construed as mundane or rote memorization information.  My siblings will appreciate the nostalgia, and I believe my nephews will benefit greatly from what I used to see on Saturdays, between all the "cool shows!
 I was elated to be able to purchase this DVD edition.  As a young child, these were on Saturday mornings between cartoons.  What a shame they have not continued to air these educational clips!  Learning will take place without the child even knowing it.
 my little one has a hard time memorizing some things for school but she loves to sing so this really helped her
 This brought back a lot of fond memories of "watching the commercials in between the cartoons on Saturday morning.  Anyone over 40 should definitely remember them.  I plan on showing them to my grand kids so I can be sure that in today's lackluster education system they will at least have learned AND RETAINED something beneficial.
 Great video! My kids have loved watching it and learning the songs.  They have even begged to take it to school to share with teachers and friends.  This would be a great gift for teachers.
 Brings back a lot of memories.  Has all of the old favorites.  I bought this to help me teach kids about the constitution becuase I remembered those videos from when I was a kid.  Kids still love these videos.
 I bought this for my children. I can say it brought back memories. The product was unscratched, well packaged and the content is what I thought, it is the original deal.
 Schoolhouse rock was a fantastic learning tool when it was first created in the 70s and is just as popular with kids today as it was then!
 I have used the School House Rock DVD with young children and with preservice early childhood teachers.  Music is a powerful medium through which to acquire and retain information.  What's great about this DVD is it has all of the songs created for all of the subject areas.  Everyone loves it.  The children are captivated by the songs and images.  The teachers love recalling how much they enjoyed watching the videos when they were growing up and they can remember the songs as if they heard them just yesterday.  Parents can use this DVD at home and teachers can use it to supplement their instruction.
 Good to have subtitles for all the songs, but it would be best if lyrics of all the songs come with the DVD.
 Me and my mom just love School House Rock. It just brought back so many great memories for her. I think this is a great dvd to help younger children learn about history, math,language,science, and money.
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock - - didn't we all?  My husband and I bought the videos for our son (10 years ago??) and now we wanted the DVD for our daughter.  I have so many favorites on it that I can't help but sing along.  My daughter looks at me, then at the t.v., then back at me... I'm not sure if she's enjoying the segments or enjoying how I sing along!  Pretty soon, she'll be singing along too!  And of course, it is only because of Schoolhouse Rock that I know any of the Preamble to the Constitution...  You too??
 Now doesn't this remind you of those great Saturday morinings a long time ago? Schoolhouse Rock is a classic. When I first ordered this, I convinced myself that I was getting it for the kids. Well, I think I've watched it more than they have! Great songs, cute cartoons, and it has that nostalgic appeal that the 30+ generation will appreciate. Excellent DVD for the young, and uhhhhh, the old. Lol!  DJ Come of Age
 Have always loved schoolhouse Rock, and now I have every episode on one DVD!  Who could ask for anything more!
 I bought this video for my sons because these songs had a great effect on my schooling. I was hooked from "Conjunction Junction and never stopped being a fan.  We like to play this DVD in the mornings, selecting the "spicy version, which plays the songs in random order. Our children watch it as they have breakfast.  This makes me happy for two reasons
 I jumped at the chance to have these classics for my very own and it totally exceeded my expectations!  Anytime my kids hear me say, "I used to watch this when I was young!", they usually pass on watching it.  Not this time.  After the first 15 seconds they were GLUED to the television.  Also, I'm able to play the dvd's on our computer so they can just sit and hear the songs while they play.  They're reviewing their Math, English and History facts AND they're enjoying it!
 Wow this brought back those saturday morning at mom's house. I'm glad i purchased this dvd.
 Let's put it this way - I learned more from School House Rocks than I did from grammar school, way more. I hummed those tunes throughout my US Gov't class finals in high school - And when I popped this DVD in for my daughter for the first time, I was honestly astounded at how many of these little gems I still knew by heart. I think any child of 70's will agree, no review necessary - School House Rocks rules.
 A few years ago, when I found out that Schoolhouse Rock was out on DVD, I was definitely overjoyed, and to make it even better, it was celebrating its 30th anniversary, so I ordered a copy of it for myself. I remember my years in elementary school (2nd-6th grade, especially), watching Saturday morning cartoons and then seeing a Schoolhouse Rock toon. Anyone who has kids (which I don't) or grew up in the 70s (which I did) needs to have this 2-DVD set because it is wonderful! I love every single thing about this 2-DVD set. I love the fact that it's got all 46 oringinal animated Schoolhouse Rock toons plus the new Schoolhouse Rock toon called "I'm gonna send your vote to college", plus you can play the toons in their seperate categories (grammar rock, america rock, multiplication rock, science rock & money rock) or all of the toons together, either in order or in shuffle play. I also like the top 10 jukebox feature. The bonus features on disc 2 are really amazing, such as the long-lost Schoolhouse Rock toon "The Weather Show", the 3 out of 4 Schoolhouse Rock toon set called "Scooter Computer & Mr. Chips", the top 20 countdown of Schoolhouse Rock toons, the 4 music videos by certain music groups and the Nike commercial set to the tune of "Three is a magic number". The audio commentaries are interesting, but what's really neat are the surround-sound version of "I'm gonna send your vote to college the behind-the-scenes featurette about the making of "I'm gonna send your vote to college", the featurette about the Schoolhouse Rock creators winning 4 Emmy Awards and the 2 interactive games
 Oh, what memories this brought of lazy Saturday mornings spent in front of the TV when I was a kid just watching cartoons...if only I could go back to that time!  Playing these really did remind me of then and brought back the kid in me  
 Great way for students to remember some grammar rules.  Catchy tunes that are timeless.
 We loved this when it was the Saturday morning commercial, and we still can sing the songs today!  My son is learning the preamble and this was a great learning tool!  Brought back good memories!
 My son loves it.  Not only is it entertaining, it is educational even for adults.
 This video seriously takes me back a few years.  My children were surprised when their 40 year old mother could still recite the Preamble and it was because of this video.  Remember when cartoons taught you real life lessons and didn't always involve space aliens?
 How is it that I remember most of these songs?  My 4 year old is now singing the lyrics and learning at the same time.  This is absolutely the best way for her to learn
 This brought me back to childhood, watching Saturday morning cartoons.  I now teach 3rd grade and find it to be a valuable tool to teach the Parts of Speech.  The students love it and know almost all of the songs!  I could not ask for a better tool!
 One day, I saw parents teaching their son and daughter the fundamentals of grammar. The first thing that came to mind was having grown up with School House Rock. The children particularly enjoyed singing along whether it was, "a noun is a person place or thing", "conjunction junction what's your function or "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs in. This comprehensive muscial teaching and learning medium remains most invaluable over thirty years later and still rocks!
 I purchased this to use as an introduction to a conjunction and interjection unit for my 7th graders. They thought it was great! They wrote down the words and have been singing them every since. Even better, all of my students passed the final quiz over the unit and since I teach special needs kids that is a HUGE deal for them!
 I have a school age son that has trouble memorizing his times tables. One day I remembered the ABC School House Rocks shorts that used to play on Saturady mornings when I was a kid. I bought this for my eight year old and he loves it. He goes around the house singing all the songs.
 This is a wonderful collection of songs that educate youth in a fun and interactive way. The songs cover a multitude of lessons from multiplication, history, science, and english, and keep kids' interest. I am so pleased with this dvd, and know it will enhance lessons that my kids learn in school. Even my 5 year old grandson loves singing along, so it will be a breeze when it's time for him to learn his times tables!
 My kids love these videos. It helps them to retain alot of useful knowledge about various subjects.
 I loved watching this on Saturday mornings as a kid. Now my kids have the chance to watch it as well and they love it as well. My five year old is always singing one of the songs. Just by having fun my child is learning math and much more. Not only are my kids having fun My husband and I are also enjoying reliving part of our youth.
 This is actually my SECOND copy of Schoolhouse Rock!  My first was misplaced and I missed it so much I had to get a replacement.  I grew up with the Rocks! and even got extra credit in high school when we had to memorize the preamble...all those people who remember it are probably humming it right now.  To show you how timeless this is my next door neighbor child was having problems with her multiplication of 3's so I broke out "Three is a magic number and she got it right away.  All the Rocks! are here, science, grammar, America and all of them.  The extras are great, a new song and all!  If you remember these you'll love going down memory lane, if you know someone that needs to learn but hates the studying this is also for them, you learn and aren't even aware
 I bought this video for my 3rd grade daughter to help her with Multiplication.  Now my Kindergarten son is learning them with her, along with other subjects.  I am so glad I bought this DVD.  I was concerned it might be a bit dated, but my children don't seem to mind.
 This DVD is wonderful. They took every Schoolhouse Rock song ever made and put it into one DVD, with a couple new songs as well. It's exactly what we grew up with, there was no "remastering or anything that would take away from the original quality of the clips. It's great for adults who like nostalgia and for kids who have trouble remembering the names of the planets or the 8 times tables. A must buy!
 I loved it when I was a kid, and I still remember many of the words (conjunction junction, what's your function...) and now my kids are singing it! I know everyone says that, but I have an 11-year old, a 4 year-old and a 9 year old- who has Autism. All the kids LOVE it, but the 9 year-old is completely smitten- he watches it every day after school. It has done WONDERS for him on his muliplication tables. Because many autistic children are drawn to music, this is a great way to teach without tears. I ordered an extra copy for school, and gave a copy to my friend with a special needs child. WELL WORTH THE $[...] each! I would have paid TWICE that for the 2 DVD sets, which are organized by subject.
 Great dvd set.  All the educational cartoons are clean and bright with flawless sound.  Great special features.  Enjoyable for those of us who grew up with these cartoons and for the new generation.  A very stimulating way to learn.
 I was so glad to find that this is still available. I loved it as a kid and my kids love it too... they've learned a lot from it. It was also worth getting the CD so they can listen to the songs in the car. It's nice to hear your kids sing the Preamble to the Constitution rather than a Hannah Montana lyric!!
 What a good way to step back into childhood 
 For years my wife and I would run down different songs to our two boys from these memorable learning tools. Now they see how great Schoolhouse Rock really was. And though I purchased the DVD back in 2002, and now my sons are almost 21 and 14, the little teaching tunes still stick in their heads. But truth-be-told, my wife and I really purchased Schoolhouse due to our own fond memories.
 What else is there to say, this is agreat classic.  My 3rd grader bleew through Multiplication and Division in two weeks with the help of Multiplication Rock.  The hardest part was getting her not to watch all the other great episodes.
 Excellent product. My children love it. This is a product I enjoyed as a child myself. Very educational. Lots of fun. Fast service. I would definitely make additional purchases from this seller.
 I love watching the Schoolhouse Rock segments with my kids and have seen them learn a lot from watching them.  The songs are timeless and still hold the attention of kids.
 Makes learning fun for kids. Once you learn these songs, you remember what they are teaching for life!
 I bought this video as a lark.  I used it to stick a wake-up needle into my ELA classes and it turned out they loved it!  To my surprise many of my high school students somehow missed seeing these wonderful lessons on TV.  What was to be a teacher to student prank on the last day before spring break turned into a superb student learning experience...  Many were caught singing "Conjunction Junction as they were walking off campus!
 I purchased this dvd for my daughter.  She was having a horrible time in her math class learning multiplication.  After watching the dvd, she likes to do her math homework, she sings the songs to remember the answers. As a third grade student, my teacher had the records of School House Rock.  I loved them and still remember the tunes and remember most of the songs.  Two generations can't be wrong.  I recommend this dvd to everyone with kids or those who still struggle with school.
 I loved it as a kid, and now my toddler is also in love with it. I feel much better about him watching this than most other shows on TV. The songs are so much fun, and there are a lot of good, positive messages in with the educational material.
 If these types of educational products were mainstream today, then kids could read and have fewer troubles with academics.
 I loved to watch these when I was growing up and had Saturday mornings free to just be a kid.  Now I use them in my high school classes to introduce new topics and parts of speech (English Teacher) and my freshmen through seniors love them.  They are still appropriate and fun.  And it breaks up what can seem to be boring (grammar) at times.  I loved that I could get all the snippets in one DVD.  It just makes job that much easier.
 Watching this reminded me just how much those catchy little tunes stuck with me.  I hadn't heard some of them since the mid 1970s but they came back to me instantaneously.  I remember Bill the bill waiting to become law, the nouns, electricity, interjections, and the rest.  The entire concept was unique (though remember in the 1970s the FCC had more control over television content as they do now).  But nowadays television commercial time is far more valuable than actually teaching the kids something.  Without sounding too much liike George Carlin, I do believe the people who control our televisions have no desire to actually educate their viewers.  They just want to sell stuff, crap we don't really need.  But back to the subject at hand.  These are short, simple lessons on how grammer, our government, science, and financial systems work.  They overlook some deatils in some of the segments, but the general point is well made.  I recommend this DVD to anyone with small children or those not so small children who want to relive a piece of their own past.
 If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and watched Saturday morning cartoons, chances are at least ONE, if not several of the "School House Rock songs remain stuck in your memory 'til this very day!  If you only vaguely recall some of these songs, I guarantee that you'll have a HUGE grin on your face when your full memory is triggered! The innocence and simplicity behind the songs and the artwork is remarkable, and are qualities that absolutely do NOT detract from, but instead actually enhance the informational content. These short cartoon music videos are exactly what young impressionable minds of the 70's and early 80's needed!  If you're into 70's and 80's nostalgia, this is a great buy! School House Rock.... rules!  My only complaint is the menu structure on the DVD, which is complex and confusing to navigate. The person who designed the menu should be FIRED!  JM
 How much did we learn from these little snipets on topics from "how a bill becomes a law to "conjunction junction!  ???  Fun to watch with nieces/nephews and let them pick out their favorites!
 Some of these brought back memories, others I had never seen.  Mainly bought this for my wife and she loved it.  The menu was poorly designed and hard to navigate.
 If you grew up in the 70's you know and love SHR.  I showed to my son and he loves it.  He sing the songs and counts out the numbers.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, for education or just for fun.
 Schoolhouse Rock is an outstanding tool to pique the interest of education for the next generation. I purchased the DVD as a gift for my niece and she loves it. In time, now she too can delve even deeper into the various topics touched on/portrayed within this classic educational tool so that she can come to understand the real truth about knowledge is king.
 My husband & I grew up on School House Rock & now our kids love them too!  My kids age 3, 6 & 9 all love to sing along to the great songs!  We especially love to watch them on road trips!  GREAT FAMILY FUN (& they are learning too!!!)
 I cannot express how much I love this DVD.  I received it from my sister for Christmas 2007. We popped the DVD in early that morning and danced and sang around the house for the 4 days that I was in town.  My sister and I had a blast.  Schoolhouse Rock originally aired on ABC in the early 70's in between cartoons on Saturday morning TV.  Although I recognized back then that these were educational cartoons, I only just realized how much knowledge I truly absorbed once I saw the DVD at Christmas.  The rules of grammer that I now spat verbatim when asked a writing question clearly came from what I learned from watching SHR in the 70s.  I'd previously thought I learned these things in school somewhere between elementary education and earning my BA in English.  Apparently, I was wrong.  I would recommend this DVD to everyone; but, especially those who grew up with them or have small children.  The songs and cartoons are timeless.  I agree that the Disney advertisements are annoying but not enough to change my rating of the DVD overall.  As the distributor, it is only natural that Disney would seek to promote their other videos and movies.  Just "fast-forward the DVD.  You'll be in for loads of fun once you finally arrive at the SHR menu and can access Grammer Rock, Multiplication Rock, America Rock, Science Rock and more.
 As a child watching this in elementary school, I remember images from songs and fragmented lyrics still. Recently, I decided to buy this movie for my brother who struggles with practically every subject found on this DVD. As a result of watching it and listening to the lyrics, he has become more aware of the "simple answers these songs describe repeatedly. I would recommend this DVD to all parents/guardians because this DVD is capable of explaining concepts to children in a way that most adults cannot clarify for children.  The concepts applied in the songs allow a child to follow along willingly and easily. Because the songs are catchy, it's easy to begin singing them when you least expect it. This is the ideal gift for children because the characters are easy to relate to and comprehend. Concepts are broken down into the simplest form for children unable to fully grasp certain ideas (like multiples of 8). I don't want to completely credit this DVD with my brother's much improved grades; however, I know it did do wonders for him as a result.
 I got this DVD as a Christmas present for someone.  To me, this collection is possible the best thing ever to share with a young child.  The music is catchy, which makes learning more fun.  When I was younger, I would watch these shorts every Saturday morning, and enjoyed every one of them.  I would recommend getting this to help a young boy or girl get a good head-start in learning - or maybe you can get it yourself just for old-times sake.
 Worth every penny. My son just turned 5 and loves it. The commercialism and marketing of other products on the DVD doesnt bother me. If you just simply go straight to the Menu, you can get to the songs pretty fast. I can also pick and choose which is nice over the VHS versions(of course)! He likes certain songs and likes to go straight to those catagories.
 I used to watch this when I was younger and was glad to see I could buy it for my nieces.  It came quickly and was a great hit as a Christmas present.
 The restoration of the schoolhouse rock series is awesome and one couldn't ask for more!!  Schoolhouse rock continues to educate years later! 
 I watched this show as a kid and I gave it to my kids as a Christmas gift and they loved it.  They will watch it over and over again.
 This was a blast from the past... this video brought back good memories of Saturday morning cartoons...anyone growing up in the '70s will remember School House Rock.  I recommend this tape for memories sake and for future generations... School House Rock is a great learning tool
 A must for ALL children  I have donated many copies to schools, to view when bad weather prevented them from going outside to recess.  EDUCATIONAL ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!
 I enjoyed these songs growing up so I purchased this product to use in a classroom.  The kids love it! It made multiplication go much smoother!
 As a 40 year old, I watched schoolhouse rock every Saturday morning as a kid in the 70's, and at the time did not realize the impact of learning that was to be gained.  I've recently purchased for my nephew and am excited to know that he and his Mom (my sister who watched with me), can watch and sing these together.
 This item was purchased for a 10 year old boy with autism and he loves it. It has been a blast from the past for me because it includes all of the songs from the original schoolhouse rock.
 I love this product.  I remember being in school, and watching these videos.  I am studing to become a teacher, and thought it would be a great addition to my collection.  It is great.  Thank you.  It was in great condition, and arrived so quickly!
 My Children loved it when they were growing up.  Now I bought it for my grandchilren.  They love it too!
 My kids (8,6,3 & 8 months) LOVE this DVD and it's great that they learn as they watch and sing.  It stirs up questions about grammar, math, and U.S. History and I love that they've become curious about learning more about those subjects.  I think it's a subtle but useful teaching tool.  I have played it in the car and then pause it to have great conversations with my kids about what the songs are about.  Plus, it brings me back to happy Saturday mornings gone by, so I love it too.
 What can I say?  School House Rock is the definitive way of getting kids to learn
 We bought this because my husband I were nostalgic and had fun remembering these educational musical animated shorts from our childhood.  My 7 & 9 year old love it, too and have their favorites songs. We don't mind watching a bit of TV when its fun and educational.
 I am using this with my grandson of 41/2 He loves the "my hero, the zero song and has watched it about 25 times he also enjoys the other songs.  He chooses one he likes. And then as we watch that one, he then opens up to watching other ones.  It acts as an intro and gets across basic concepts.  The melodies are good and the animation is fun.  19 mo old even watches it.
 My wife and I got this for our own nostalgia, but our three year old loves it. It's a complete collection and it is very well assembled. I can't imagine anyone over thirty not wanting this in his or her library.
 This DVD brings me back to my younger years of watching these tv shows on saturday mornings and singing all the songs.  Great for anyone who grew up in the 1970's.
 In an effort to describe for our library catalog (I am a school librarian) what all is included in this 2-disc set (in short, everything), I compiled this table of contents that I thought might be helpful to others.  Our teachers and students all love Schoolhouse Rock!  Disc 1
 I grew up with this, and now my 6 year old will have the opportunity to learn as I did. This was a kick to watch, for both of us, from start to finish. This would be a great gift for anyone who grew up in the 70s and 80s, and for their kids. The tune, "I'm only a bill.... is stuck in my head right now!
 If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and ever indulged yourself in Saturday Morning cartoons, you should know and be able to hum Schoolhouse Rock! Now that the set is out, one can look at the DVD and appreciate what we are given. Finally in one place, all of the Schoolhouse Rocks that we know and love, as well as some that we may have forgotten or not loved (I don't remember Money Rock). For the completist, all of the rocks are there, including the newly released "Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips set that are fun, but truly seem dated. You can go to specific titles, or hit the highlights with the Top 10 Jukebox - great for jumping into the CD.  A brand new Schoolhouse Rock is included - "I'm gonna send your vote to college about the Electoral College. It's interesting and in the style of our favorites, but it lacks some of the pizzazz of the originals. I suppose it's very topical after the 2000 election, but I just don't see it having the fun of education that things like "Suffering until Suffrage did.  They could have stopped here with just all 46 original songs, but luckily for us the bonuses are fantastic. Music Videos as an outgrowth of the Schoolhouse Rocks! Rocks CD of artists interpreting their favorite songs. See how much you really remember in the trivia quiz. The inclusion of the Nike commercial featuring "Three is a Magic Number shows how well Rocky entered the popular culture.  A fitting tribute to a great set of work made for the kids, and the kids in all of us. C'mon and sing along - you know the words! "Conjunction Junction, what's your function... This is some great material.  Wow, talk about flooding memories.  My kids absolutely love this stuff.  If there's one gripe I have, it's about the Disney advertising trailers.  The trailers are stuck in the front of the DVD, so they automatically play when the disc is inserted.  It bugged me so much that I disected the DVD and reburned it without the trailers.  The original still sits in it's box.  We're getting a lot of use out of the material, and have even converted all the songs for use on our daughters' iPods.  ABC really hit the mark when they started this.  10 thumbs up for the material, 10 thumbs down for Disney's involvement.
 Anyone over the age of 30 remembers these little ditties from watching cartoons as a kid.  I bought this for my children and found the songs quite cute, as I did when I was a kid.  I can still sing along with many of the songs.
 DVD was in pristine condition.  It actually arrived a couple days ahead of the estimated delivery.  The songs and characterizations were just as I remembered them, excellent.  This has been a wonderful tool for helping my elementary aged children remember the rules of grammar, significant people and important events in history, important science discoveries, etc.  An excellent buy.
 I recently purchased the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition)as a gift for my daughter.  We both teach at a Jr. High School and I couldn't keep my dvd of Schoolhouse Rock in my room, because she was always borrowing it.  Even though the songs seem juvenile to some of our students, they all seem to remember the songs and the information they contain.  This dvd is one of the best teaching tools that I've seen in a long time.
 Every schoolhouse rock song ever made is on here.  It was great!  Still great songs and as educational as ever.  Teachers are still using these songs in their classrooms today and the kids love them!
 I was concerned before I ordered this DVD that it would be hard to find and view individual songs based on what another reviewer had written. As a teacher, this was important to me because I planned to used this DVD to supplement what I was teaching. Although you must go through several menus to find them, you can play just individual songs, or all the songs in one category, such as grammar. It will work perfectly in the classroom and I recommend it to other teachers and parents.
 As I teacher, I simply love these videos as a supplement to grammar, social studies, science, and math.  I teach second grade and several of these songs are perfect for our Arizona curriculum.  The kids love them and I even bought a cd of this for the classroom.
 I am now able to share my love for Schoolhouse Rock with my students in a quick and easy way!
 This is a GREAT colection!!!  I use it in the classroom and the kids love it!!  Anyone who works in an elementary school must have this!
 Awesome video!  It not only reminds me of my youth but is giving my students in third grade the opportunity to experience such a great DVD.
 I learned the preamble to the Constitution by singing along with Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning television.  I also learned things like conjunctions and how a bill becomes a law, and a lot of other things about grammar, science, math, American history, and politics.  Now that means that either I watched too much TV as a kid, or the stuff we watched as kids was really informative and was made so well that it becomes a classic.  Schoolhouse Rock is just such a program.  It was delivered to kids in bite-sized portions that held their attention spans just long enough to get the message across, and the cartoons were so engaging that they probably could have made the segments last twice as long and we still would have been glued to them.  Many in my generation learned quite a bit from Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD is produced in the same style as all the original segments, offering a "jukebox feel along with some novel technology that allows you to create playlists of your favorite episodes, or put them on "shuffle and let it pick them randomly.  You can also choose "The Whole Enchilada, and let it play each and every segment in order.  All of the original segments are on this DVD, as well as a heretofore unreleased segment called "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College which teaches about the electoral system and the punned Electoral College.  My kids absolutely love this DVD, although sometimes they have to pry the remote out of my hands.  It's awesome to see them watch (and actually learn) with the same attention that I paid to it as a kid their age.  And on occasion, I hear one of them singing the preamble to the Constitution, and I just smile, because a timeless program like Schoolhouse Rock can, and will, continue to teach kids for generations to come.
 This is classic stuff indeed!!! 2 discs full of that one of a kind "Schoolhouse Rock"!!! Yeah Baby!!! I'm well in my 30's and still get a kick out of seeing and hearing them again!!!  And my little nephews love it too!!! Schoolhouse Rock was and is still an amazing concept,learning IS fun and hip!!! A KEEPER!!! Great job Disney DVD,keep up the good work!!! Fun for the whole family!!! Hours and hour of fun!!! Classic in every sense of the word!!!
 My 8 yr old daughter just loves this.  She learned the Preamble (to the Constitution) for a school presentation, and she wanted to hear more.  I remember most of the songs from when I was in school, and they are still fun to listen to with my daughter.  They also promote discussions about math, language and history....and family time!
 As a language arts teacher I have used an old video of Grammar Rock for well over 15 years... the tape finally wore out and I invested in this new version.  Everything on the tape is educational so it makes a great filler for days in which you need to come up with a quick educational activity.
 I bought this to have for my son. Although he is only nine months he recognizes the melodies because we have it playing in the background as music. It is amazing that when we cries we just have to sing one of the jingles and he smiles.
 Love, Love, Love.  I remember these when I was growing up.  This is how I learned a lot of things in school.  My daughter loves to watch me and her dad dance around and sing the songs.  Would buy even if I didn't have a child.
 This special expanded edition of "School House Rock", not only brings back great childhood memories of Saturday mornings, but still teaches lessons to children of all ages in catchy tunes that are hard to forget.
 I have to say that this DVD is great!  I remember watching all these School House Rock shows when I was a kid.  I learned So Much from watching all the classic episodes
 Love it love it love it.  I don't know how much of that is because I grew up on it though.  
 Must listen and view for children through adults! My nephew and son both enjoy the songs, the graphics, and are gaining a greater understanding of grammar, math & science
 I remember watching this on Saturday morning cartoons when my son was little and thought how creative and what a good way to teach.  I have now bought this for my grand kids.  I think it will give them a good chance for advancement in school.  Excellent!
 I was the age group for these growing up.  I remember them each Saturday and still know the tune to most.  I just didn't realize how much info they packed into each little song.  As good as I remember.
 MY KIDS LOVED THE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK TAPE, THE PRICE WAS GOOD AND THE SHIPPING WAS FASTER THAN LIGHTNING, GOOD PEOPLE TO BUY FROM!!
 Kids learn the words to songs so easily....why not let them hear something useful?  I remember these songs from my childhood days.
 We sat and watched this DVD for hours...and just loved it!  It's so wonderful to know I have this DVD which has EVERYTHING on it...and we can watch it over and over again whenever we want!  Awesome!
 When I was a kid, School House Rock was a program that we would watch on TV so when I saw that there was a Special 30th Anniversary Limited DVD, I just had to get it for my son.  He really likes the songs and thinks it's cool.  He especially likes the song's "Electricity & "Conjunction Junction".
 As a child, we would watch the Saturday morning cartoons and our favorite part would be the Schoolhouse Rock in between. Never did we think that we would be able to see these little snippets when we were not there on Saturday to see them. I have many things that I learned by their songs, and I enjoy watching my children learn the same way.
 These educational cartoonettes are always fun to watch. This particular DVD has all the lessons I remember as a child. The main menu is super cute, too.
 I enjoyed watching the DVD with my 12 year old daughter and was surprised at how many of the lyrics I remembered from watching them on Saturday mornings in the 70s.  It is a really great way to share some of my childhood with her her in it's original format.
 The kids love watching this video, I purchased the CD for the car as well, and they want to listen to it all the time, even though I'm starting to tire of it.  I remember these when I was a kid and knew my kids would love them just the same.
 I love School House Rock.  I grew up with it on the weekends and remember all the songs!  I've also helped lots of my voice students to prepare for this stage musical.  I totally recommend it for this next generation of children growing up needing to learn.  Learning r=through song is fantastic because you tend to remember better!
 It is a shame that more attention has not brought to this DVD. I am a older person and some of the episodes did get me through my early education. I just hope when I do have a child I can share these DVD's with him or her.
 all the wonderful songs and cartoons that enlightened and amused generations of children; if you have your own kids, have them watch this along with or instead of elmo.
 I loved the School House Rock series when I was growing up in the 70's.  By third grade, I was a whiz at times tables.  I bought this DVD for my daughter.  She's still kind of young, but she loves the songs and the short lengths of each segment are just long enough to keep it interesting.  I'm fully expecting that she will be a math and english whiz as well by the time she reaches elementary school.
 My daughter loves it every bit as well as I did.  I hope it helps her remember stuff like it did me!
 This is a piece of nostalgia I purchased for my 7-year-old.  We've really had fun with it.  And it's all there.
 This DVD brought back so many memories. I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons in the '70s and would look forward to the top of the hour when the next Schoolhouse Rocks segment would play. I memorized them all over time. Later in life, when I couldn't remember a simple math or grammar rule, I would hum the tunes in my head until I got to the part I needed. These songs should be as well known as the ABC song. You just can't put a price on making learning fun.....or.....maybe you can....+ shipping and handling.
 I bought this for my daughter and I found myself singing right along after over 25 years. It's great. Truely an American classic.
 Excellent DvD. My kids love it, they keep watching it over and over again. I used to watch it on TV when I was A kid and I still like it!
 My 4 year old knows his 3 times tables.  He just doesn't know it yet.  I still remembered all of the songs after all these years and it is amazing how much I know because of that fact.  I've bought a copy for all of the children in my extended family and they all love it.  Good educational fun for the entire family.
 Opening and watching the DVD the first time took me back to a time when I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons with a bowl of cereal, hunkered down in front of the tv with the sound turned down really low, because my mom could hear a pin drop onto a cottonball!  It was great, not to mention being able to actually sing along with the lyrics subtitled on the screen.  ABC definitely had a winner with this series!
 this is a wonderful dvd.  I especially love the fact that you can see every song created.  the bonus tape is also a joy to watch  my 4 year old likes it so much he dances and sings to it all day long.
 We love this DVD. I bought it for my grandson to take to school. They played the entire DVD for the class of 5th graders. It is entertaining and a great learning tool. Once you hear these songs a few times you never forget them. I still remember the preamble to the constitution from years ago when my kids were little. A whole new generation of kids can learn and have fun doing it. I highly recommend this.
 This is an awesome learning tool for teaching your children! My 8 year old loves it! He is not a huge fan of "book work type learning. He really enjoys the songs and watching the videos. He sings the songs around the house all the time now! It's been a fun way for him to learn!! I have to admit I sing the songs too and am relearning somethings from grade school that I lost. I highly reccomend it!
 My students have been so inspired to learn more about parts of speech and the science protion that I no longer hear the groans what I ask them to identify they parts of speech of their spelling words. As they are using their multiplication tables and homework I often hear the tunes being hummed for the multiplications rock. Thank you for having this product. It continues to be a great asset for each generations.
 This is probably the best purchase I've ever made towards my childs education.  It takes ME back to Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock as a kid and my 8 year old son who is having issues with his multiplacation tables is starting to FINALLY understand.  I recomend this for anyone with children over the age of 6 months because the animation is so lively and engaging
 My wife is introducing a whole new generation of Teachers to "Conjunction Junction and the other Schoolhouse Rock clips. These are some of the best short teaching tools ever created.  As a Professor of Education responsible for bringing new Teachers into the classroom, this DVD will never grow old.  And our Grandkids love them too!
 My high school students enjoy and remember the social studies Schoolhouse Rock sessions.  I use them as an anticipatory set in my classes.  They are short and to the point -- a good hook for the students to connect additional information.
 My children grew up with school house rock.  Contains all the school house rock CLASSICS.  At work people keep wondering why I say that "My name is Bill - or they start singing with me!  Highly recommended!
 I bought this for my grandchildren, because I remember it from my childhood.  It is great, and they love it.
 It's amazing how much you remember these songs when you haven't heard them is "years  Just purchased this to share with my very young nephew.  Singing along with the songs piqued his interest.  Even though he may not quite know what he's singing about (like in "Three Is A Magic Number") I'm sure when he's learning his multiplication . . . this will come back to him.  Great compilation.  Navigation could have been slightly better.
 Received item promptly - ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos are on there from when I was a kid!! LOVE it!!!
 I grew up watching School House Rock on Saturday mornings and I learned tons of things in doing so.  I can recite the preamble to the US Constitution--can you?  
 WE WERE VERY PLEASE TO EVEN FINE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK.    VERY MUCH PLEASED. THANK YOU.
 if you grew up watching these - get them - they're cheeper than therapy
 I loved these cartoons on Saturday mornings as a kid, and now that I am grown and teach high school, I'm introducing a new generation to them.  Last year I had a tough 9th grade boy who sang, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here every time he came into my room for the rest of the year!  They are a very accessible way to teach kids great information.
 I had forgotten how wonderful Schoolhouse Rock was until I received this DVD!  It was highly rated, and my niece (of whom I have custody) is struggling with her math facts for school, so we purchased it.  The songs are catchy, and she has shown improvement.  The great thing is that the DVD contains ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock songs, so this one purchase has covered many bases.  I'm thinking about ordering another one to show in my high school classroom to reinforce some of the concepts my students have learned.  The only drawback is that the DVD appears to be poorly read by my DVD player and can have a jumpy picture at times.
 All three of my children (ages 3,4,6) enjoy these two DVD's so much.  We have had a great time watching them.  Everyone is learning from them.  And our friends are enjoying the walk down memory lane.
 My husband and I grew up watching Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday mornings.  We wanted something entertaining and educational for our children to watch...something that would make learning new things fun.  Guess what--our children love it!
 Great Disc...Chocked full of great Entertainment for the Kids...over and over and over.
 I grew up listening to Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning cartoons.  It's just like I remembered it, only better, because now my children are learning Grammar, History, Science and Math through a fun outlet that they BEG for!  An interview with one of the show's creators said that they visited a college campus where they were startled when students told them that they defined a generation, and I think it's true.  How many of us were able to remember nouns, adjectives or our 3's times tables beacuse of these songs?  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product and believe that a new generation stands to benefit from the creative genius behind its development.
 One of my childhood favorite Saturday morning cartoon bits on ABC. Classic song numbers that taught us in a really cool way.  Top 4 Songs For Me
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock back in the 70s. I had to get this DVD and it still rocks! My childrens' teachers ask to borrow it often. I know it got me and a few classmates to pass the Preamble test...sure we sang it but we passed.  I like the option to see all of the songs in order (mild) or shuffled up (spicy). This makes learning fun for kids. We are very happy with this DVD. Plays great, cool songs, and the kids love it.
 As far as service, I recieved the movie quite prompt. And the way I ordered online. Thank you.
 This schoolhouse Rock is awesome!  The catchy toons remind me of Saturday mornings as a kid.  My daughter was a little hesitant initially, but soon jumped in dancing and singing.  I am looking forward to the learnings she will gleen from the programs.
 As a Civics teacher, this is one of the best additions to my classroom that I've made yet.
 I grew up watching these spots during Saturday morning cartoons. They are clever, catchy, and you learn stuff, too! What more could you ask?
 This movie is the best.  I was surprised on how much my 6 and 9 years olds love it, and I love it because they are giving them learning information in a fun way.
 This is a great dvd set. It definitely took me back to my childhood days.  My daughter loves it.  The songs are very cathcy and she is learning alot from a lot of different subjects.  If your kids love to sing and love music...this is a great tool that helps them to learn as they sing along rather than watching regular TV.
 I can't tell you how much I love this DVD! I bought this for my 6 and 4 year olds for Christmas and it just takes me back! I remember growing up with Schoolhouse rock and I know that I learned so much from them. My children are learning all the songs and lessons that I still remember. We sing them together and have so much fun! For those of you who grew up with Schoolhouse rock and those who are new to it, it is truly an invaluable learning tool for your kids!
 My children from 14 years all the way down to 2 years old LOVE this DVD.  They are completely captivated time and time again.  With the older kids, it has helped spark discussion about things they're learning in school or reinforces something we might have taught them.  The short segments are so much fun for the little ones and keep their attention during those much-needed moments of peace.  We don't watch TV/movies often, but this one is our tried and true favorite.  (Even Mom and Dad sing along!)
 I remember when these were on Saturday morning TV....30 yrs ago! I can still recite the preamble today because I learned it on SchoolHouse Rock. I'm hoping my nephews enjoy and learn from the sing-a-longs as much as I did.
 "Conjunction, conjunction, what's your function?  How about "Interjection"; remember that one?  These are some of the songs that I remember from the "Schoolhouse Rock DVD and from watching TV as a kid in the '80's when "Schoolhouse Rock songs were sandwiched between cartoon segments on Saturday mornings.  This is for the older elementary school child.  Though my Kindergartener likes some of the songs and finds the animations cute and funny, it was harder for him than his older sister in third grade to fully appreciate all of the songs.  Your child will learn not only grammar, but American History as well
 I bought this for my sister for Christmas. We both grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, and she really enjoyed watching this DVD, looking back on a part of our childhood.
 The DVD is great. Brings me back to my youth when education was subliminal on TV to kids. My only problem is that the kids want to watch Dora instead. The producers of the DVD should find a way to commercialize this into other popular DVD's in between programing.
 I remember growing up and watching the Schoolhouse Rock clips every chance I got.  It was a thrill to be able to pass those memories on to my daughter.  We put in the video the other day and she was hooked.  I was so surprised to see so many clips the I don't remember and some old "friends that I do.  What an awesome way to get my children interested in music, math, language, history, and so much more.  It would be nice to see more things like the SchoolHouse Rock make a comeback.
 I was so pleased to see all of the Schoolhouse Rock editions on this DVD.  I even used it with my elementary school students to review certain lessons!
 We first bought this for our kids for home use. They loved it and to be honest so did my husband and I. We were all walking around singing our favorites. (Mine is Mr. Morton.) Then when it came time for our oldest to memorize his multiplication facts for school it came in handy again. My kids teachers both asked to borrow it and started using it in class for language arts, math, and social studies. You can select individual songs, songs in groups, all the songs in order, or all the songs randomly.  So we decided that we would buy copies for them as classroom gifts. They loved it and have told us they use it for instruction and center time. In fact we had several days of heavy rain so the kids couldn't go out for recess and my younger son said the kids asked to watch it.  It doesn't get any better when learning and fun are rolled into one.
 My children (6, 10, 13) all find it enjoyable to watch (and the songs get "stuck in their heads just like they did for me as a child).  After watching all the clips, they now often turn on "Schoolhouse Rock when they only have a few minues of TV time before school, bed, or meals.
 I absolutely loved Schoolhouse rock segments when I was a child.  So, being able to have and see the entire collection (46 educational segments) brought back wonderful memories.  Bought two copies
 My daughter loves these. The cartoons are short enough to keep her attention and catchy enough that she sings along with them-and it is educational. I'm happy to hear her sing about nouns in the car rather than Sponge Bob.
 My son has been checking the VHS versions of these shows out from the local library.  He received the DVD for Christmas.  It is amazing how well I remember the words to these shows from thirty years ago.  My son is already starting to learn them.  How many people from my generation learned the Preamble to the Constitution from this series?  It is great to have copy of these songs.  This DVD costs considerably less than the old way buying four different VHS tapes.  All of the spots are incuded in one DVD.  There is also another DVD with other extras such as lost songs and other things.  Other reviewers have critcized the DVD because of the extras.  That is a little silly, since a person is buying the DVD for these great educational commercials from the past.  Buy this DVD if you loved the songs of Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon, Blossom Dearie and all of the others that contributed to this classic set.
 My kids love this collection.  I grew up on these and still remember most of them.  How could you forget "I'm just a Bill or "Lolly, lolly, lolly, get your adverbs here.  Now another generation will benefit from such great material.  The Disney commercials are a little tiresome at the beginning, but once that is over the DVD is wonderfully set up.
 Yes, just like anything nowadays, you have to skip through the previews and hit the DVD Menu to go to the main screen. I think it takes all of 10 seconds to do this.  It's a little funky the way the menu is setup but anybody who knows how to work a DVD player within the past 10 years should be able to adjust.  They have it setup where you can select a specific cartoon based on the category or you can play the 'whole enchilada'.  Selecting this option will begin to play every cartoon and you will need to use the skip button to toggle between scenes.  Yes, they could have done a better job with the scene selection...but who cares..it was $15.00.  Personally, this is an excellent learning DVD for the kids.  Teaches everything from English grammar, science, politics and American history.
 i also got this dvd for my stepdaughter.  it took her awhile to really get into it, but when she did she loved it.  At school they were learning about anerica and when the school house rocks sang about america she went crazy because that was what they had talked about in school that week.
 Everything arrived in a timely fashion.  And it was a blast to take a trip down memory lane with this DVD.  THANKS!
 all the school house rock songs & videos in one package. my students are singing conjunction junction after only seeing the video twice. they love it!
 I have been searching for School House Rock and finally found the DVD.  I am a teacher and the kids love the video clips.  It is a lively way to teach a variety of different subjects.  The DVD is user friendly and of high quality.
 As a teacher and a parent, I highly recommend this item as a vital resource for memorization of history and facts.  This special anniversary edition is a goldmine of songs to teach, learn, and memorize!  The tunes are catchy and inspires the listener to learn and sing them over and over again.
 I am a high school American Government teacher.  While teaching the legislative process to a group of largely disinterested "too cool seniors, I was surprised to hear a failing student huming "I'm just a Bill, ...  On a whim I searched for the music on-line and found it at Amazon.  You can't imagine the reaction when I played it in class the next week.  Many in the class remembered it from their early years and more than half had no clue what it was.  Maybe I'm just a 65 year old kid, but it's the best money I've spent for the classroom in years.  And, just in case you're wondering, that failing student turned around and got a C for the course.
 The perfect tool for sharing multiplication plus, all the others.  If your kid needs an overview of a topic and memorizes music.  Schoolhouse is a huge help to understanding the basic facts
 Kids love it, and sing along to most of the songs. They are timeless and catchy songs, glad I have it.
 I ordered this so that my kids could enjoy learning the way I used to during Saturday morning cartoons. I still know the preamble to the constitution because of the way it was put to music. This DVD brings back memories for me and makes learning fun for my kids. My son especially likes the song about Interjections. I've also used it in scouts to teach about the history of our country and citizenship. Thanks again for making learning fun. Keep up the good work.
 We have owned it for 4 months and the kids ask for it every week !
 Even 30 years later, this video captures children's minds, and teaches them important lessons without them even knowing that they are being taught. Entertaining and educational at the same time.
 I use these classics with my 8th grade US History class.  They are fun and educational.  They especially spice up lessons on government which 13 year olds do not find all that exciting.
 The catchy songs we remember from Saturday morning cartoons are just as catchy today, and just as enjoyable. My two children love the video and I love that they are learning as they watch and listen... a win-win, for sure!
 I loved these songs as a kid, and think they're still great for teaching my kids now. They love them, and they're 12 and older!
 In, my forties, I still use these great songs of the 70's to remember and teach my own children. I can't imagine anything ever taking the place of Schoolhouse Rock!
 America Rock is the ultimate teaching tool for American History.  This is the way for children to learn their nation's history.  Though there are a few historical mistakes, they don't detract from main content.  What a great series, even after 30 years.
 As a child in the early 1970's I eagerly watched Saturday morning cartoons AND Schoolhouse Rock.  While I can no longer see what it is I saw in the cartoons (though I still think they are better than what is on today) I can clearly see why I loved Schoolhouse Rock (and still do)!  I forgot all these tunes/cartoons when by the mid to late 1980's I was in college.  One night over the dinner table my usual group of about 10 people stated "Hey, whatever happened to Schoolhouse Rock?  I loved those songs?  We then all began singing our favorites and wishing they could still be seen. These songs allowed us all to know the difference between a noun, verb, adjective, adverb, to know about the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, the Louisiana Purchase, the Revolutionary War, math, and even a little science.  They are catchy, memorable, make learning fun, and best of all in today's ever popular "don't-put-anything-on-children's-television-unless-it-also-has-a-toy-to-sell world, simply good for goodness' sake.  I have seen other reviewers criticize this for not being 100% correct, well perhaps, but more importantly, Schoolhouse Rock may inspire children to want to learn more about the subject matter - a key step!  The day my husband and I first discovered they were available in VHS/DVD was a great day.  We can't wait for our daughter to be able to sing along with these tunes/cartoons.
 I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, this DVD. I bought it as soon as it was issued! I thought I was buying it for my 3-year-old son (who already loves the Audio CD Grammar Rock), but I find myself with him, singing and dancing along to these educational music videos. My son asks to see this every day, and I feel encouraged to let him watch something so enjoyable, that will teach him SOO much. I can't believe my son has already memorized lots of these, and can sing "Conjunction, Junction just as well as I can! The guys that created Schoolhouse Rock were geniuses. The 46 complete song-set was more than enough - but the "lost song", Scooter Computer, and the Emmy featurette and documentary are what REALLY make this a GREAT buy for grownups, kids, and grown-up kids.
 I had the very good fortune of seeing a preview of "gonna send your vote to college".  In case you need a hint, this song was written in the wake of the 2000 election cycle.  I was very impressed with it, as well as all the other songs/cartoons in the collection.  A sure to be welcome addition to the DVD is a behind the scenes of how they went about recording this song, who all was involved, Jack Sheldon (I'm Just a Bill) does the singing.  All of the original crew from schoolhouse rock was involved, except the original animator, but his son does a wonderful job.  These folks helped a lot of kids of my generation learn history, grammar, math, and science.  I don't recite the Preamble to the Constitution anymore, I sing it.  George Newall & Co. strikes another hit.
 This is a time honored DVD to many of us who were raised in the 1970's. ABC and it's parent Disney have brought us previously this collection to VHS, Hooray in a verse from the "Grammar
 Man - they key to why this was so successful in the 70s was the songwriting mostly by Bob Dorough, Lynn Ahrens and George Newall- a little soul, some funk, some rhodes piano, and some boogie woogie and you've got great songs with real bridges, chord changes and unforgettable melodies...each packed into 3 minutes.  Then there is the singing.  Of course, everyone can recognize Bob Dorough, who is really the chief voice of the series and should get a lot of credit for a gee-whiz and accessible tone of voice and some very clever songwriting.  Other notable voices
 Its about time they put these on DVD format. I bought the VHS tapes a while back, and I love them, but there is nothing that will compare to having these treasures on DVD. I grew up on School House Rock. These little 2-3 segments helped define my generation. From Im just a Bill to Conjunction Junction, SHR is and will always be a treasure. I highly recommend this DVD. Now, I know that it is not out yet, but Hey, its SHR. You cant go wrong. If you have kids, they will love em and learn from them. If you grew up with SHR, this dvd will bring back so many great memories of those Saturday mornings long gone by. You will be singing all of them, because you still know the words. You know you will be....
 My husband and I purchased this for our 2 year old to enjoy on Saturday mornings the way that we used to as children.  He loved the animation and the music!  We loved singing the songs and shouting out which were our favorites from back in the day.  I recommend getting this DVD for anyone who has children - the songs and the lessons never go away or get stale!
 This is a great DVD if your children like school house rocks.  The songs are great and they learn from it too.
 Want your kid to learn grammar, science and other lessons?  Want him/her to sing you those lessons 24 hours a day?  It's a DVD full of fun, infectious songs that are as good as you remember them.  Give your brain a kick in the pants after 2 mind numbing years of Little Einstein and have some fun in the process.  Your kids will thank you.
 Schoolhouse rock was basically created by ABC ad men who's normal function was to create commercials...It's nice to see how an energy which is usually spent for the all mighty dollar went to create a new way of learning. I remember this stuff in the 70's, and they were more important than the Saturday morning cartoons they came between. The tunes are classic, the lessons are thorough(2 x 98 = 2 x 100 - 2x2 = 196) and the best thing about it is the facts don't change; 2x2 still equals 4. My only complaint is how Disney makes it appear as they are the original  creators, where in fact they are only involved with distribution.
 I remember watching mini shows of Schoolhouse Rock between cartoons on Saturday mornings.  It was really helpful for school.  It helped me to learn multiplication, social studies, language, science, all school subjects.  The best part was I learned without really feeling like I was learning.  I find that children learn easier if you put the information in a song.  My [...] year old just watched in the the first time this morning and asked to watch it again.  I believe that she will learn most of the info. before she finishes kindergarten.
 I can remember watching these "commercials on Saturday morning when I was a child.  I actually learned a lot off of these songs!  Sometimes more than I learned in school.  Today, my children love listening to this.  Singing along to the music is a great way to learn English grammar, math, social studied and more!! FUN!!
 Being a child of the 70's I was almost obligated to turn my kids onto this...it certainly did not disappoint!. All of the old favorites we saw on TV as kids still relate to this generation and that's a stretch in this day and age. What really knocked my socks off was the quality of the musicianship I missed as a kid. The music was incredible and stands up today as some pretty heavy session work! Where so much now is electronic, slightly-concieved BS, the tracks here are warm, analog, true music. A must-have for parents who want to turn thier kids on to learning through music and at the very least, a blast from our past. OLD SCHOOL in every sense...RETRO BABY!!
 Don't bother buying all the separate DVDs or VHS tapes because the entire Schoolhouse Rock collection is right here!!! It is a little unfortunate that Mickey Rat's parent company owns this great collection because there are at least a dozen DI$NEY previews you have to suffer/scan through just to get to the main menu. Other than that, just sit back and let the cheesy memories of Buster Brown shoes, plaid pants, and glitter iron-on shirts come flooding back. It actually surprised me that I still remembered most of the words to some of the most popular songs. The big kicker is that my 3 year old enjoyed watching it just as much as hubby and I did........way to make you feel really ancient. The 2 disc set also includes a "pamphlet of sorts that has all the words to the top 10 faves
 I am 39 , and I grew up with SHR every Saturday Morning. There are some great ones on this tape, but If you are like me, you wanted more, so I go the DVD set. All in all, I would recommend the complete dvd set, but if you only want a good taste of SHR, then get this tape. You cant go wrong either way. Hey, its SHR.  And for those uptite, people, and history buffs, who are griping about how SHR is not all that accurate on their segments, I say this, SHR was never meant to be that aaccurate. It was just meant to give kids a taste and feel of our history. Sure, some of it is not that accurate, or alot of it is left out. Take it for what it is. Its a great learning tool. Its not the gospel or anything...Geeeezzzz.
 It was a good as I remembered.  And my 8yr old stepson is enjoying it as well.
 This is one of Disney's greatest box sets.  You get all 46 Schoolhouse Rock songs here, including the long lost song "The Weather Show".  These songs are wonderful, charming, tuneful, and simply gorgeous.  Unlike most current children's programming, which is incredibly dumbed down, this series isn't.  Adults can watch it and appreciate it just as much as kids can.  It doesn't talk down to children.  Children are not as dumb as people think they are.  It doesn't have that overly commercial feel that a lot of programming does today.  I love seeing and hearing Three is a Magic Number, the adverb song, the noun song, pronouns, telegraph line, etc., etc..  The only songs I didn't care for were the money rock ones, probably because they were done relatively recently, and they're too slick and modern.  They don't have the charm of the earlier stuff.  I'm glad that no one has tried to remake this series.  It would be a travesty.  Wonderful stuff that can be viewed thousands of times....
 This is a great video for learning.  My son loves it!
 I don't remember the Schoolhouse Rock stuff from when I was a kid.  I think it may have been JUST before my time.  However, I'd gotten the CD when they did remakes of the songs with modern artist and loved it, so we got this for our daughter to watch.  She's only 2, so she's still a bit young for it, but she loves watching it anyway.
 My Son loves this DVD! He didn't believe me when I told him that this was on TV while I was growing up. I got this dvd because I was going to purchase the Leapster Schoolhouse Rock software and saw on the review that it was better to purchase the DVD instead of the software so I did. I'm glad I did.
 This is the best.  It truly reminds you of Saturday mornings when you were a kid.  Best of all, now your kids can learn from the fun cartoons and songs.
 Your kids will love it as much as you did when you were little.
 My 8 year old daughter was having trouble learning her times tables and I remembered this great series I used to see on TV when I was growing up.  It's too bad they don't have something like this on nowadays in between shows on Saturday's.These educational clips are so fun to watch and make learning a breeze. My 6 year old has now , inadvertently, learned a lot of her times tables as well...just singing along to the music! I ordered a bunch of them to keep on hand for birthday gifts.  This DVD has all of the  Schoolhouse Rock clips on it, so they will learn everything from English to History to Math....
 WOW!!!(interjection) What wonderful memories these bring back! How great would it be to have these back on tv for this generation i know i learned alot from watching these on Saturday mornings.
 If you have ever wanted to relive your childhood and the simple pleasures of your youth, buy this now! It came in the mail, a put it on (using the very cool "whole enchilada shuffle mode) and spent hours being 9 again. Too cool for words.
 I can still sing the Preamble to the Constitution (I'm 42), thanks to School House Rock.  I think it is great this is still around.  I am buying it as a gift for my nieces and nephew, who are all elementary school age.  I hope they enjoy it as much as I did in the 1970s.
 This came up as a gift idea for toddlers ages 2-4.  This is not so.  School House Rocks covers grade school curiculum.  This would be better for a child between the ages of 6-12.  I use School House Rocks in my classroom all the time.  The fun tunes and animation make learning U.S. History, money (the stock market), basic math, etc. easy to learn.  The words to most of the songs is included in the DVD case.  This is a fantastic teaching tool for grade school aged children.  Not appropriate for toddlers.  I would suggest Baby Einstein, Sesame Street, and Blue's Clues for toddlers instead.
 I used this to help teach constitution day at school for moderately impaired individuals.  The students enjoyed it.
 I previously owned the VHS version of this, and when it starting getting worn out, we ordered the DVD set.  DVD is way better than VHS, the extras are great too.  My kids love it, and it counts towards our home schooling too! Even my 1 yr. old loves it. I am ordering more for my sister's kids.  I told my daughter that she's probably the only 3rd grader that knows the preamble of the constitution - and we learned it by singing the song. It's one of her favorites. I believe that the lyrics come printed out in the DVD set (my kids lost this already), but the tunes are so catchy that you really don't need them to learn the songs.
 I teach third grade and this is one of the most effective teaching tools I have found for teaching multiplication, as well as social studies, science and grammer. The students love it.
 I love the compilation of all of these videos from my youth!  They really take me back.  My children love watching and listening and I love the fact that they are learning, too.  A must buy for parents and teachers!
 I was in awe when I purchased the entire volume.  Growing up I never realized that we as young kids didn't see the entire Schoolhouse Rock!!! None the less I view it now... I'm 38 and my son that I purchased it for LOVES IT and he's 3!!!...  Any cartoon, show,play or movie that was out when we were growing up is it what I would call the CAT'S MEOW of the entire tv industry.  If the era wasn't phenomenal how come everything that comes on is a remake? No origianl ideas at all - I feel sorry for today's kids - they have nothing enjoyable and good to watch or listen to for that matter(My opinion!)!!!  Enjoy -  touches on subjects that are fun while learning!!!
 I loved watching these little tunes in between my favorite ABC cartoons as a kid. My brother missed out on this and had no appreciation for them. A couple years ago I bought a copy for myself and sent another copy to my cousin's kids. They love it and can sing every song. The "new School House Rock cartoons do their best to mimic the old feel and style, but I wouldn't say they add a lot, especially considering how quickly technology has progressed. The stories are sometimes too simple and a little biased, but they deliver some very good basics about grammer, numbers, history and science. How can you not love conjunctions! Knowing the preamble of the constitution paid off in debate class.
 It's been almost 30 years since I saw these videos on Saturday morning cartoons.  Now, with children of my own, they can watch these great learning classics.  Shipper got them out in perfect condition and immediately.
 This brought back great memories as to when I was in school.  These songs helped me through lots of english tests.  I love this CD.
 My kids love this DVD and will watch over and over again. In fact, when given the choice they almost alway choose it first.
 The Schoolhouse Rock DVD brought back memories from my childhood and Saturday mornings.  I am delighted I can share these experiences with my daughter.  The DVD has so neat features such as a Jukebox Shuffle which plays the "lessons out of order.  You may also watch them by topic.  A few of the skits/lessons are dated...but most of them still ring true today and provide an easy way to teach kids.  I wonder how many folks in their 20s and 30s know the preamble to the US Constitution as a result of Schoolhouse Rock.
 i remember schoolhouse rock when i was growing up.  I remember that it taught me a lot.  The jingles are what led me to it.  I remember how a bill become a law just because of schoolhouse rock.  I do now have any children of my own yet but I ordered one for me and one for my nieces so they could learn the same way my sister and i did.
 Brings back my childhood. My son is now enjoying the songs and little stories that I did. A+
 For those of you who can still sing "Just a Bill or "Conjunction Junction this DVD will bring it all back!  Great for kids to enhance their grammar, American History etc.
 This product is exactly what I was looking for to include in a training package.
 After putting this DVD on shuffle play, I was transported back to Saturday mornings in the 70s.  Although the animation is rather primitive by today's standards and the style is indubitably dated, my 4 year old is spell bound by most of the singing and dancing...a definite keeper if you have a pre-school to school age child or are a large child yourself.
 Here's a piece of advice for those so into Baby Einstein videos- they won't make your baby smarter.  All they do is condition your child to watch TV.  The creator of such videos were recently quoted in a parent's magazine as saying that kids are going to watch TV anyways, why not have them watch something without commercials and product placement.  Not a bad idea, but I think this DVD does the same and provides some educational value.  My child is not into TV at all, but we find that the songs usually grab her attention and set her off bouncing happily up and down to the beat.  The catchy songs and colorful videos are also full of little education tidbits.  I bet most of you probably learned how a bill becomes a law from these classical songs.  Anyways, my 16 month old enjoys it.  My wife and I enjoy them.  And I think you will too.  Every video is on the DVD along with some newer ones on using money and investing.
 We loved these songs when we were kids and didn't even realize we were learning. I think they stand the test of time and that our kids can enjoy and learn from them as well. I actually purchased the DVD because my daughter is doing the "play and she is having to learn the songs. It is making it easier for her to learn them this way.
 Such a terrific gem from the past.  I purchased several copies to give to people as "baby gifts.  It's a classic!
 My 1st graders enjoy watching each and every one of the song videos.  We are learning The Preamble to go along with our Social Studies unit.
 My son watches this over and over and over again. He is still learning from it. He is autistic and this has been a great tool for teaching him. He's even memorized some multiplication. Very entertaining and educational!
 I learned more from this as a kid than in school.  To expensive on Amazon, I got it cheaper at my local Vons grocery store.
 As a child of the eighties, I just had to have this set.  It is such a great dose of education made fun.  To this day, I know important facts like the preamble to the consitution and that a noun "is a person, place, or thing all thanks to Schoolhouse Rock. This set includes all of the tunes you remember(Conjunction Junction), some you may recall(the Mr Chips series), and one brand new lesson to Rock the Schoolhouse.  There's also some neat extras including - of all things - a Nike commercial that embraced the SR-bunch. What a great way to get my son off on the right educational foot.  My wife and I love it... Nostalgia for us, a solid foundation for him as he grows.  Much thanks to Lolly and all the gang.
 School House Rock is so cool that a local band in D.C. plays a medley of the songs.  Every bar in which they perform goes absolutely ape*&^. It truly is one of the all time greats and great background for that warm-up time at a party. Oh, yeah, it's a great educational tool as well.
 Totally brings me back to the good ol' days when Saturday morning cartoons were worth watching.  They sure don't make em like they use to.
 I REMEMBER SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK WHEN I WAS KID, ON SATURDAY MORNINGS WATCHING CARTOONS, A GREAT PRODUCT FOR EDUCATING.
 What a blast from my childhood!  I remember getting up every saturday morning and watching every one that came on!  I was glued and they helped me throughout my school days.  Excellent condition!
 I have used this video in my English classroom.  Kids of all ages really enjoy it and have even asked me how they could buy it!  Also, it brings back memories if you grew up with it 
 People criticize the advertising community, but when you hear that admen thought up most of the bits, you start to think that maybe they should be running the schools! This is an excellent way to introduce your kids (or yourself) to History, Multiplication, Grammar, Science and Money. I had never seen the ones on Money, but it has helped me reinforce some of the concepts I'm trying to get across with my son. If you have children, you really do need this. It will help!
 This is a great dvd to put in the player while you are driving around town (or out of town)!  My children have been learning tons of things without them realizing it and I am reliving part of my childhood.
 I love this set....we had the VHS that had the top 20 "best of on it and the kids wore it out.  I was happy to get this.  It's fun and educational...I don't feel bad putting in this DVD for them.
 I remembered these ditties from Saturday morning cartoons when I was a kid. My 10 and 8 year olds were sceptical but were soon hooked!! The songs are done in a witty way that catches the attention of young and old. My son was humming "i'm just a bill at breakfast. The song led to further discussion of how laws are made and how our government works. Highly recommended.
 Of course it's great! We all know these classics from when we were kids.
 This is a great learning tool for children. The songs are fun and easy to remember which is why children learn from them so easily. I wish there were more!!!!
 Come on, you know you are singing one of your favorite School House Rock tunes right now, as you read this!  Sure, you didn't get them as a kid, you didn't even know what a "Bill or a "Noun really was.  But those tunes are just so dang catchy!  I bought this to share with my kids once they turn about 4 or five in a couple years (2008).  I'm sure we'll be singing Conjunction Junction for years to come!
 Years ago we watched these segments between cartoons on Saturday mornings.  At the time, we didn't realize we were learning.  It was just fun.  Many years later, it's amazing to see how relevant this series still is.  Our daughters love it as much as we do.  Why can't learning always be this fun?
 As a child, I learned the Preamble to the Constitution by singing "We the People".  Now that knowledge is passed on to another generation.  My kids have learned it the same way, and I have bought one extra set of "Schoolhouse Rock for each of my kids so that it can be passed onto a third generation when I become a grandfather.  Some things are completely timeless.  America Rock will be relevant for one hundred years or more, and Multiplication Rock will be relevant for at least a thousand.
 Yes, I'm using all the Interjections from SchoolHouse Rock to sing it's praises.  I grew up with Schoolhouse Rock, but to be honest I thought about it only when my husband and I laughed nostalgicly about memorable songs like Conjunction Junction.  Then, he bought the 30th anniversary edition for our daughter (he was trying to qualify for free shipping when he was buying the Tripletts of BelleVille!).  So, it can be said that neither of us anticipated how fantastic this DVD would be -- STILL!  My 3 year old LOVES it, and I can't say enough great things about the creative lyrics that teach grammar, numbers and how the body works (maybe I should reach into my bag of adjectives, which my daughter charmlingly calls "magictives").  It is the one DVD we own that I don't feel any apprehension about evil or scary characters, dark plots or questionable character influences (which are startling present in many videos for preschoolers).   If you're wondering about getting this video, wonder no more.  It is a timeless winner that won't disappoint (unless you're looking for dark plots and questionable character influences!)
 I'd been waiting to see if I'd get this for my birthday, but I couldn't wait anymore.  I bought it today and had to pop it in.  These great animated shorts helped kids learn multiplication, science, grammar, american history and money. You want an explanation of our national debt? - watch Tyrannosaurus Debt 
 I like the songs. I saw these when I was in my 10 or 13yrs old. I like to see these cartoon on DVD.
 Like many who grew up with and loved these great educational and entertaining cartoon shorts, I'm glad ALL of these are available now on DVD and with so many bonus extras!   But this being the new millenium,  I'm also glad that
 First I got the video but then I saw this disc and got a DVD player and the DVD is much better! My kids love the tape and the DVD. I'm amazed at how these songs hold up year after year. - Conjunction Junction, I'm Just A Bill- those are the best but the others are good too. I got this for them and noticed that the made a Schoolhouse Rock for Bible called Scripture Rock and my kids love both Schoolhouse Rock and Scripture Rock.
 I have yet to watch it, since it is a present for my father for Christmas.  But it looks very good, the packaging of the DVD is very nice.
 Great dvd for the whole family
 I must say, that its about time that SHR came out on dvd format. I bought the vhs tapes a while back, but SHR on dvd , you cant top that. You get 2 dvds. One with all the videos on it, with a shuffle feature, and one where you can shuffle your own videos in the order you want to see them. The other dvd has behind the scenes with the original creators, and tells how they created the new SHR video, Gonna Send Your Vote To College. Also, has the long lost Weather Show, which got banned from airing from a lawsuit. The Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips videos are on the disk as well. History, Science, Grammer, Math, they are all here for us Generation Xer's to enjoy. Come on people, sure  these little videos are not always (POLITICALLY CORRECT) GOD FORBID! What was in the 70's? Take these little gems for what they are. A little slice of pop culture, a little slice of something that is long gone, and never to return. The golden era of Saturday morning tv and its rituals. Get this dvd (dvds) you wont regret it. R.I.P Saturday Morning TV....
 This is a great DVD containing all of the original songs we grew up with during our Saturday morning cartoon days. It's just as entertaining and catchy as it was in the early 70's, and if my daughter's any indication even children as young as 2 will find it enjoyable. What surprised me when I saw the list of songs was that there were many that I had never seen. In particular, all seven money songs didn't get on the air before I stopped watching cartoons, so there was actually new stuff (from my perspective, anyway ;-D). You can play the songs in a few ways. First, you can go to the Play List and select songs by their group -- grammar, science, history, money, multiplication. There's also an option called "The Whole Enchilada which will play all 46 songs. Depending on the style you choose ("mild or "spicy"), the songs either play back in order by group or in a random shuffle. There's also an option called "Jukebox", but this was deceptive. Instead of letting you pick any set of songs you want, you can only pick from the top ten songs (as determined by the publisher based on viewer feedback from years ago). My daughter just turned two in September, and she loves to watch the Grammar Rock set. Within two days of seeing it, she was singing the chorus of "Interjections! (as well as a two-year old can sing, that is ;D). I don't know if it's mainly due to this or just the rate her language skills are naturally developing, but her use of pronouns has greatly improved in the last couple of months and that song is another of her favorites in the Grammar set. The other sections are moderately advanced for her age (especially multiplication rock and money rock), so she's not so interested in those yet. Surprisingly, she loves to watch "Suffering Until Suffrage in the America Rock set -- probably because of the music. The bonus materials DVD is OK, but apart from the Emmy section it's mainly fluff. The Scooter Computer and Mister Chips set is the one set of songs that's visibly dated, just by virtue of the subject matter. And I'm not sure why they called "The Weather Show a lost song -- I clearly remember seeing that on Saturday mornings, which means they had to have been playing it pretty regularly. Maybe it was "lost from the Science Rock VHS tape, but then why not just put it in that set on the DVD? Overall, a definite 5-star buy!
 I've rated this a five because it is utterly essential for aging ex-kids like me and for current kids who never ever want to forget the words to the Preamble.  But not all the clips are touchdowns.  I now present my humble (but correct) opinions on the major installments, rated on a scale from "my hero, zero, to a perfect "little twelvetoes Those of us who grew up as kids in the 80's will remember watching these short animation clips on TV, accompanied by catchy music and memorable lyrics. These cartoonish music videos that lasted less than five minutes somehow managed to teach us concepts that required dedicated lesson plans in school. This is the essence of Schoolhouse Rock.  I'm a parent now, and I still haven't seen anything on TV that comes close to the clever way educational concepts are integrated into the lyrics and music. Each song addresses a single topic, but the range of subjects include American History, science, numbers, grammar, and money. In this DVD set you'll get all the classic favorites as well as newer ones that made more recently. Highly recommended!
 I can't say this myself about the DVD collection (famous last words of the "Interjections jingle), since there are still a lot of videos I still need to sit down and watch.  I think all of us who grew up in the 1970's and 1980's learned from the catchy jingles.   If it weren't for the countrified "The Preamble, I wouldn't have it recited nor known what a veto is had it not been for "I'm Just a Bill (both from America Rock). "Electricity, Electricity is really a rewrite of "Conjunction Junction but no less informative or entertaining (from the Science Rock series).  The "Victim of Gravity song stands out with its 1950's doo-whop influence (the character in the video even has James Dean sideburns!).   If it weren't for "Conjunction Junction", "Lolly Lolly Lolly, or the funky "Verb That's What's Happening, I probably wouldn't have been as successful with grammar (all from the Grammar Rock series).   But most of all, I think I learned my multiplication tables thanks to Multiplication Rock.  The songs "Three Is a Magic Number, "Lucky Seven Samson (ya gotta love that long eared blackeyed bandit!) and "Ready or Not, Here I Come were favorites(I used to count this way whenever I got tricked into playing another dreaded game of Hide and Seek!).   The folky "No More Kings almost sounds a little anti-British now, I suppose (and the animators goofed since the British flag did not include the red cross of Northern Ireland at the time; aside from that, still a very educational and catchy song/video!).   Money Rock and Computer Rock introduced some new learning songs to an even younger generation (Mr Chips is introduced as a returning character and there's an interesting song about saving your money, which gives a nod to Reba, Wynnona and Dolly Parton).   There are commentaries on "A Noun Is a Person, Place or Thing (I like the mention of the Beatles, the Monkees and Chubby Checker!), "The Great American Melting Pot and "Figure Eight, to name a few.  In addition, "The Weather Show (which was previously banned from syndication and VHS anthologies due to legal entanglements) and a "new song "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College are included in this 48 song anthology.  There are interviews with the producers, animators and some of the musicians and performers. While I was away at college, I read in our school newspaper there were picketers to bring Schoolhouse Rock back on the air (it worked!).  I remember as a 29 year old watching intently "Energy and my older brother said tongue firmly in cheek "You're the biggest kid I know!  If you have kids or are a teacher (or just a nostalgic buff or a kid at heart yourself), you'll want this generously packaged collection- indoubtedly (to quote Mr. Lolly)!
 This DVD is one of the best.  It features the original 46 songs as they were originally broadcast, a play all feature, a shuffle all feature, and a top ten jukebox.  I will now tell you about the whole set
 School house rocks....ROCKS!!!!!!!!!  If you never seen this WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR! It's educational,groovin,rockin,and just plain fun.  This disc play's all the fav. and then some... it has every kind of music from COUNTRY,R&B ROCK,CLASSICAL,JAZZ,BLUES and FUNK! Watch THE BILL SIT ON CAPITAL HILL,SEE THE ICE SKATER WHO DREAMS OF THE FIGURE 8,THE JAMMIN I GOT SIX,THE FRANK ZAPPA SOUNDING SONG OF 12,WHEN YOUR IN THE DARK AND YOU WANT TO SEE YOU NEED ELECTRICITY ELECTRICITY,BE PART OF THE THREE RING GOVERNMENT,THE GREAT AMERICAN MELTING POT,WE WERE SUFFERIN TILL SUFFRAGE,LOLLY,LOLLY LOLLY GET YOUR ADVERBS HERE,WHEN I AM IN NEED OF ACTION VERB!!!,THEN WE RAN INTO A BEAR HE WAS A HAIRY BEAR HE WAS A SCARY BEAR WE BEAT A HASTY RETREAT FROM HIS LAIR AND DESCRIBED HIM WITH ADJECTIVES,HEY THAT SMARTS OUCH THAT HURTS YOW THATS UNFAIR GIVING A GUY A SHOT DOWN THERE INTERJECTIONS,A MAN AND A WOMAN HAD A LIL BABY YES THEY DID THEY HAD 3 IN THE FAMILY ITS THE MAGIC NUMBER.......And Amazoners this is a magic DVD...C'mon what are you waiting for??? Climb on the CONJUNCTION JUNCTION TRAIN...ALL ABOARD!!!  ~~~~~~~~ROCKIN AND A ROLLIN~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~SPLISHIN AND A SPLASHIN~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~OVER THE HORIZON~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~WHAT CAN IT BE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 I bought this for my nieces to help them with their math. The songs are just as good as I remember!  I didn't know about all the other ones they made after I stopped watching those Saturday morning cartoons.  It really is an award winning collection...
 This DVD has all the Schoolhouse Rock videos, just like I remember them from the 1970's Saturday morning cartoons.  Now, as a 4th grade teacher and a parent of a 3rd grader, I find they are just as powerful with the next generation.  Favorites like "Conjunction Junction and "I'm Just A Bill teach concepts in grammar, history, multiplication, science, and economics.  I want to kiss whoever created this!  Simply outstanding!
 Brings back memories. This DVD has the complete collection off videos
 I remember when I was in the 10th grade, back in 1975.  We had a history test on the preamble to the constitution.  We had to write it out word for word.  A few minutes into the test, the previously quiet room was filled with the sound of 30 students humming the tune from schoolhouse rock.  The teacher burst out in hysterical laughter.  Needless to say, we all did quite well on that test!  I told my 15 year old nephew this story, so, he's using schoolhouse rock to study for the same class all these years later!
 As the cover says, this two-DVD set includes every School House Rock song ever created, and then some.  If you spent time in front of the tube on Saturday mornings in the 1970's, these videos about conjuctions, adverbs, electricty, and how bills become laws will be quite familiar to you. In retrospect I realize how much I actually learned from these great songs.  The only negative about the DVD is that the videos are organized in an on-screen jukebox, which is somewhat cumbersome to manage with your remote control. However the selections are categorized by theme (grammar, government, science, etc.) within this jukebox, and you have a variety of options on how to play them, including a Top Ten, all songs in a category, or one-by-one.  For fans of School House Rock this is a terrific and complete collection that you will enjoy and also be able to share with your children. I highly recommend it.
 You know how the rest of that lyric goes if you're familiar with this. For the seventies child, this is a lovely opportunity to get back to the good old days of Wacky-packies, Julia lunchboxes,and Evel Kenevel toys as you think of how these wonderful songs and cartoons made learning so much fun for you. I have tried these out on my neices and they (and hopefully my future children will) find joy in learning thanks to this series just as we did. True Edutainment for all time!
 As a child of the 70's, Schoolhouse Rock was as much of a Saturday morning tradition as pajamas, cartoons, and cereal. Now, as a fourth grade teacher, I have rediscovered the value of these timeless cartoons. What was once simple entertainment wedged between The Wonder League and various other ABC cartoons is now a valuable educational tool! Each year my students learn and memorize the Preamble to the Constitution thanks to Schoolhouse Rock. And how interesting would the American Revolution be without No More Kings, Fireworks, or The Shot Heard 'Round the World? From a fourth grader's perspective, NOT VERY! This DVD is a must have for students, teachers, and parents. This fun, entertaining quick review of these necessary skills is a great way to learn with your kids/students. After all, how else would we know that a conjunction's purpose is, "Hooking up words and phrases and clauses"?
 This is a must-have for any Gen-X-er worth his/her salt [grin].  If you grew up somewhat annoyed by these frequent PSA's that seemed to always get in the way of Dungeons & Dragons and so forth, but found yourself one day years later humming School House Rock on the subway, then this is definitely for you! Quite frankly, this is one of the best designed DVD packages available.  It's a two-disc set with all the making-of stuff and over two hours of memory lane fodder that had me laughing out loud.  There's a ton of material here that stretches well beyond the years I watched SHR, so not all of it will necessarily be as memorable to everyone.  There's a jukebox feature that lets you play all the tracks in random order, or you can watch them by category; grammar rock, math rock, science rock, etc.   Some of the material strikes me as remarkably heady for ten-year-olds which is what SHR was initially designed for.  There's a math tune entitled "Hey Little 12 Toes which discusses base-12 math.  The government lessons revel in obvious political biases which are really quite charming and clever, regardless of your politics. The only criticism I have is that there weren't recurring characters, which in my opinion worked against the potential for greater popularity among kids that were "forced to view this stuff while waiting for cartoons.  This is so minor that it's barely worth noting however. Eventually the networks abandoned the Saturday morning institution that stretched back to the 50's in favor of extended lite-news coverage.  Any extant cartoon production was outsourced to things like Nickelodeon [Nick Jr.] or left for the cable networks such as the Cartoon Network to gobble up...and thus began my disdain for corporate America [haha]. In general, the School House Rock Anniversary DVD is absolutely wonderful from start to finish and is a superlative reminder of that forgotten shared experience we all knew as Saturday morning cartoons. 5/5
 If you grew up in the 1970's, you probably remember most of these wonderful shorts that actually taught you something and were loads of fun to sing.  A far cry from the politically correct ... that passes for educational TV these days, Schoolhouse Rock taught everything from math to American government to a generation of kids.  I can't wait to hear my son singing these classics in a few years time (he's 5 months old now).  So do yourself (and your kids) a favor and turn off that purple liberal dinosaur and his leftist-leaning friends and pop in this great DVD!
 Im 39 now, and I cant believe SHR is over 30 years old now. Well it debuted in 1973, and I was 6 then, so yeah, its 33 years old now. I have very fond memories of watching SHR on those great Saturday mornings. They were mixed in with all those cool cartoons, and live action shows that came on. I must tell you, I love this dvd set. From th very first SHR segment Three Is A Magic Number-Scooter Computer, they are all here on these two disk. Also, on one of the disk, it takes you behind the scenes of the making of a new SHR song and clip. Send Your Vote To College. It also has interviews with some of the creators. Great stuff. I highly recommend this dvd set to anyone in my generation, and or who has kids. It was a great learning tool back then, and it still is today. I highly recommend it..
 This is absolutely fabulous.  I ordered two copies to be sent to England, bought a DVD player that plays American DVDs for their school, and gave a copy of the DVD to school.  That's how good it is!  My children have learned all their rules for grammar, and several of the times tables - and they can recall them when they need to!  Get it now and save your children the drone of learning without music.
 This was simply the best documentary I have seen on this topic.  It ties all the prophets of old together.  It talks about all the major prophets in the three Abrahamic Faiths.  One of my favorite prophets, Zoroaster or Zarathustra is mentioned.  I found it to be inspirational.  It is definitely worth the price.  I recommend it...
 I read somewhere that the overwelmingly red look of American Beauty is a symbol for blood and roses. Represented in the film by the flower petals in  Lester Burnham's fantasies, and the blood spilt when the sadness that  hovers beneath bears its face. The title of American Beauty does not refer  to the pretty surfaces that hide the anguish of these people, but the  beauty of their souls when dealing with that anguish. Many reviewers have  considered the title to be ironic, it isn't.  I've heard Kevin Spacey say  that this film is about context, because taken out of context the behaviour  of these characters seem bizzare and even phsycotic, but out with in the  context of their messy lives or indeed anybody's life, it seems natural. If  I tell you that Kevin Spacey plays a character who is obsessed with the  idea of sleeping with his daughter's best friend, a daughter who constantly  anounces her hatred of her parents, a woman so obsessed with appearances  that happiness is but a memory to her, a loner who makes his living as a  drug dealer with a firm rigid father living in denial about his son and  himself, you would guess that there would be no one to like in this film.  You would be wrong. This film is magical in the way it lets identify with  these characters, care for them and worry about their outcome.  Infact  the ideas of American Beauty are nothing new. The persuit of happiness  through the abanodoning of materialistic possesions and the satisfaction of  primal, animal and natural desires was the exact same premise for Fight  Club. This could be a middle aged version of that film. The family turmoil  closely resembles Ang Lee's The Ice Storm 1998, and like that film,  American Beauty ends in tragedy. But as with all masterpieces its not the   point  that counts, but how you get there. Just like the fact  that anything new you learn in life is the history you don't know, most  originality in movies is the movies you haven't seen and the novel's you  haven't read. The fact that the film remains a masterpiece is a credit to  the execution of those ideas, not their originality.  Our hero is Lester  Burnham a man who goes quits his job, black mails his boss, and goes wild  for a year. His journey of self-discovery is not what your average citizen  would call moral, yet we still sympathise. My favourite scene in the film  is where Lester meets Ricky(Wes Bently) outside a part. Ricky sells  marijuana for a living and makes a lot of money. Lester tells him that when  he was his age he  flipped burgers all summer long  for very  little money.  That sucks  says Ricky,  No actually it was  wonderful.  The heart of the film is this scene, Lester's yearning for  those years where his whole life was ahead of him, when he believed he coul  do anything, when he wasn't such a  loser . This purity is the  Beauty to which the title refers.  Ricky Fitts is the boy next door, a  loner who likes to film people. His father is a rigid military man. Both  Wes Bently and Chris Cooper who play father and son respectively give  monumental performance equal to Kevin Spacey's oscar winner. Their family  is a contrast to Lester's, and in its tragedy, emotional complexity and  heart break exceeds it. Ricky's catatonic mother is perhaps what Lester  would have become had he not taken charge of his life.  I have tried to  define this film, but its not a film that can be defined. It is one to be  experienced. If I tell that the sight of a paper bag blowing in the wind  will amaze you, you find it very silly indeed. Acredit then to this film  that when Ricky show us a video of a paper bag blowing in the wind, it is  indeed a breathtakingly beautiful sight.
  American Beauty  is a pure cinematic triumph that is both funny and sad.  It's disturbing... and yet, it's extremely provocative and deep.  The film is an extraordinary achievement that reveals a tragic and realistic story about a family that is anything but ordinary.  It's a film with so many layers that it is almost impossible to dissect them all in one single thought. Meet Lester Burnham; a man who feels like he's completely dead inside.  His wife and daughter despise him and do not show him any signs of respect.  On the surface, the family seems like a picture-perfect family that everybody dreams about--but inside is a completely different matter.  His wife is obsessed with material possessions and doesn't care for  petty  things like love or life, while his daughter resents herself because she isn't  perfect.   Lester's mental coma is rudely interrupted when he meets his daughter's friend and starts fantasizing about her.  The awakening might be due to a disturbing thought or feeling, but the wake-up call changes Lester and allows him to realize that there's always time to erase his  forced-image  and be the person he really is.  This is all a set-up for a funny, disturbing and tragic movie. I don't know about everybody else, but my mind was literally racing around when this movie was playing before my eyes.  It's one of those films that allows you to pick up on something different upon each viewing.  As I said in the beginning of the review, this film has a number of layers to it.  There's so many different meanings and points to the film that it is nearly impossible to describe them all in one little review.  Besides, the fun part of the movie is discovering these meanings and points for yourself.  You know a film is successful when you totally lose yourself to it and allow it to challenge you in every way.  The film is crafted flawlessly and doesn't have a wasted minute in it. The acting from Kevin Spacey is really a sight to see.  He gives his character all of the right needs and feelings that is necessary for the authenticity of his role.  You don't even look at him as an actor--but as the real person he portrays.  It is certainly a milestone in his acting career that will continue to be remembered throughout all cinematic history.  Annette Bening is also superb in her role and brings life to her character, as well.  Everybody in the film should be applauded, as they all make the film what it is. The DVD has some neat features to offer.  The picture quality is fantastic and the sound is more than great.  You have the option of watching the movie in DTS if your system is able to play it.  Extras included are commentary from the director and writer, a behind-the-scenes featurette, cast and crew biographies, trailers and more.  While I wouldn't had mind a Two-Disc edition of the movie, this is a pretty impressive package overall.  American Beauty  is a breath-taking masterpiece with a very high replay value.  It's a terrific film on every front and does not disappoint for a single second.  While it's not a movie that everybody will like, it's most certainly one to check out if you are a lover of films.  If you're looking for something that isn't so ordinary, then this may be the chance that you are seeking.  I feel that it is a unique and superb film that is very hard to express in words--you'll just have to experience it for yourself. -Michael Crane
 There's something special about  American Beauty  that's hard to pinpoint. I don't think I've ever seen a film with such a great ensemble of actors - everyone is perfectly cast, from Kevin Spacey's eerily lovable  Lester, to Annette Bening's loopy real-estate broker Carolyn, to Thora  Birch's hauntingly disenchanted Jane. And the Fitts family...whew. Don't  even want to go there. It's one of many films lately dealing with the  disparity between appearances and their underlying realities. Lester's  abrupt break with his superficial world is refreshing, and the chaotic  circumstances that evolve from it are both provocative and entertaining. I  think that, along with  Fight Club,   American Beauty   is the best of them all. The beautiful cinematography, outstanding  percussion-centered score, precise and evocative *original* screenplay, and  above all first-rate acting make this movie stand above all the others.  Thinking about the fact that this is Sam Mendes' first film, and Alan  Ball's first screenplay, gives me hope for the future of film in America.  Not every movie has to leave you nauseous.
 The first time I saw this film I was left thinking,  ...is this what the Academy considers for a Best Picture?  It seems a bit odd for  considering a Best Picture nomination.   But then as the days went on  I couldn't get the images and music from the movie out of my head.  I must  admit, I am a Kevin Spacey fan ever since  The Usual Suspects   and to see my favorite actor once again I knew it had to be good.  It  wasn't until the second time I saw the movie that it hit me like a freight  train....this is my most favorite movie of all time.  Everything is  perfect.  Even the surreal rose-petal sequences are a visual treat. The  cast was given a razor sharp script to follow and each actor performed  perfectly.  Thomas Newman's haunting score was very intriguing.  It think  the ultimate scene that touched me was when Ricky (Wes Bentley) showed the  simplicity of a paper bag being blown around by the wind to his girlfriend  Jane (Thora Birch).  The sheer magnitude of his finding beauty in something  like that is why I love this film so much.  The movie has a perfect blend  of superior acting and cinematography.   A brilliant job to Sam Mendes,  the entire cast, and to the Academy for giving this film every Oscar that  it deserved.
 Good news! This disc is very close to perfect.  I and other reviewers experienced some technical issues with the Delightful Forest blu-ray disc, but the Brothers Five blu-ray disc that I received today has no flaws that I can see on my initial viewing.  The colors are vibrant, the swordplay is flashy, and the detail is excellent as viewed on my Sony BDP-S370 and Hitachi 42HDS69 HDTV.  Anything that was not perfect (lighting, darkness, no steadicam on long sweeping shots or zooms) was obviously there in the original film because it is all so crisp and clear.  The picture is really beautiful.  There were no artifacts or skips or stutters.  Having watched these films in various incarnations over the years (theater, TV, videotape, dvd, and now blu-ray) I can honestly say they have never looked or sounded better.  I have seen a few comments about the subs and if that bothers you then you will probably not be pleased when a character's dialogue is rendered as "I want make a stab.  Frankly, it's part of the whole experience for me so I have no problem with it.  I should have continued studying Mandarin when I had the chance if I wanted to truly appreciate these films. And unlike the Delightful Forest blu-ray disc, there is no English dub for you to fall back on.  The prices on these recent releases from Well Go USA are great in my opinion.  YMMV!  Next up this weekend - the Heroic Ones blu-ray disc.  What a great time to be a fan of classic Shaw Brothers martial arts films!  <a href="http
 wazup homy, yo dis movie be all dat and a bag of chips with jalapenos...This is just straight gangsta beat down one right after the next.. The highlight of this movie has to go to the beautiful, and sexy legendary actress, Pei Pei... She is so freaking hot!!!! I'd buy the bluray alone just for her!!!! Definitely a worthy Shaw brothers film, and I advise you to go seek this mutha out!!!
 This DVD is my favorite of all my G Gundam DVDs. It is so good! Everything comes to a climax in this DVD. Though i wont give any details to spoil it for you. Though I must say there is an event that i find so sad, in the last episode. I wanted to cry the first time i saw the episode on Cartoon Network You really must buy this DVD ,but buy rounds 1-5 too so you will know what is going on.
 This is a great series even though i am not crazy about the english dubbed person who does Sailor Moon. I preferred the original voiced by Terri Hawkes and was sad she didnt return for the S & SuperS series. The new girl just sounds so crazy and unbareable. Anyways this is a great series and is really my favorite out of all 5 seasons. The story was on POINT and kept my interest every step of the way. The artwork is ok but not as gorgeous as season 4 & 5. This is must have as this season introduces the new sailor scouts, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto (Already revealed in season 2), and lastly Sailor Saturn makes her appearance in the final volume. Its such ashame these DVDs have been discontinued.
 How come nobody reviewed this? This is the end of the heart snatcher arc, Kaorinite returns, Rini (chibi-usa) is kidnapped, and the fate of Sailors Saturn and Pluto are revealed. You should watch this!
 I have been purchasing art books, videos, and DVD's for a long time and without a doubt, this is the best DVD for those who want to learn how a great painter paints. I am primarily an oil landscape painter but I have found this particular DVD of Reid painting the figure in watercolor translates well for providing tips for people who use any painting medium, style, or subject matter. Charles Reid is a true American master and it is fascinating to be able to view him working and be able to watch how he does what he does. I have watched this DVD a few times already and I keep finding new and intrigueing tips. A great DVD for anyone interested in painting and a must for those interested in watercolor and or the figure.
 I have books by Charles Reid and was delighted to have the DVD to see how he actually paints.  He has a very loose style that is deceptivally easy.  This shows him painting and flinging paint at the support as he paints.  Many water colorists are very uptight and rigid but not Mr. Reid.  He abounds in lost edges, splatters, juicy paints and he does not paint inside the lines.  If you have a tight way of painting with lots of hard edges, then this is the book to help you escape into a different style that is more relaxed.
 I feel the same as the other reviewers, that this is a very good DVD.  I have lots of books on watercolor, but I haven't seen someone like Charles Reid paint before, so it was very helpful to see his technique.  It made me realize what I might do differently.  I was surprised at how wet he works, and how he isn't restricted by his under-drawing.  Overall, a very helpful video for a struggling painter to watch.
 This is a movie that our family has enjoyed watching over and over again.  I just wish that it could be released on DVD!!!
 This is a very funny movie. It has a great story and is sure to keep you entertained from the beginning to the end. I really enjoyed the movie and I know you will to.
 Wow. I saw Safe House for Hollywood one night and the Yellow Sea the next. Yellow Sea blew it away
 This film is one of the two best Samurai films of  all time, the other being Kurosawa's SEVEN  SAMURAI.  CHUSHINGURA ( loyalty ) is based on a  real incident in 18th century Japan, wherein 47  loyal  retainers of a disgraced lord take a vow of  vengeance on the corrupt  nobleman who caused his  downfall and death.  The story is timeless, the  acting is uniformly magnificent, the camera work  is so gorgeous that any  frame of this film could  be hung in an art gallery, and the music is  exciting and heart-lifting.  It's a complex plot,  following many separate  individuals as their  vengeance unfolds, so first-time viewers may get  confused.  No matter -- it all comes together at  the end.  Watch for the  late great Toshiro Mifune  in a cameo role as a Master Spearman who becomes  drinking buddies with one of the 47, and who  takes it upon himself to  hold off the cops in the  final showdown so that his pal and the other 46  won't be interrupted before they can find and  behead the bad guy and  fulfill their vow.  I have  watched this movie many, many times, and I  always  find something new and wonderful in it.  Now that  it's FINALLY  available on video, don't miss it!!
 Chusingura (the 47 Ronin) is a tale that is as popular in Japan -and as often produced - as The Christmas Carol is in the U.S. - and just as revealing of cultural assumptions about right and wrong. There are many versions, each focusing on one of the "47 masterless Samurai who refuse to surrender and face disgrace out of loyalty to their master.  The theme (and story) will be familiar because it's been reworked many times ranging from Gilbert and Sullivan's "Mikado to "From Here to Eternity. If you want to gain insight into the Japanese concept of loyalty and the price of honor above all else this is the one movie you should not miss. The color photgraphy and scene settings are well done and sound is excellent;  the acting is also very good and does not lean heavily on over-emoting that is the sometimes "norm for Japanese films.  Sub-titles are a little light, but easy enough to see and this is one of the more accessible versions (many are not available to Western audiences as more recently they tend to be done for annual TV specfials.  You won't need to know the history to follow the story - or get the point. It's a true story of a proud, old fashioned country Samurai who puts the Samurai Code and personal integrity above politics of reality.  He's summoned to the Shogun's castle to do his duty - service to the emperor whole messengers are coming through the territory.  A corrupt court official expects and demands a bribe to tell the Samurai what he must know of intricate protocol and is outraged when our hero refuses to bend.  The official goads him into drawing his sword in the castle - a capital offense, leading to his forced harikiri - suicide. The remainder of the tale - most of it - is about how the 47 loyal retainers face disgrace and contempt, while biding their time until they can avenge their master.  The film has everything
 This movie is fantastic! Set in Tokugawa period Japan, it describes a story, which shook Japan in seventeenth century. Young lord Asano (for those, who do not know the history of samurai, the clan of Asano was a prominent clan assisting Tokugawa in his quest for power) coming from very conservative clan is insulted by a corrupt official. In rage he draws the sword in the Shogunal palace - a grave offence punishable by seppuku. He is ordered to commit suicide without a proper investigation of all facts and his counterparty, lord Kira, lives on. Shogunate orders to abolish Asano clan leaving all samurai ronin and several dosens of samurai swear the revenge. By this time private disputes in Japan were to be resolved by the Shogunate. However, the law and the moral contradicted on this point as both Confucian and samurai codes of honour did not allow samurai to live  under the same sky  with lord Kira, who was the cause of their lord's untimely death. The samurai found themselves in conflict of rules of moral and laws and decided to act pursuant to the former. Scenery is beautiful and actors' play is amazing. I keep recalling Oishi's time at the teahouse with children and geishas when he is told of one of the samurai (his former subordinate) committing seppuku. He sheds tears yet he manages to conceal this from others! Another powerful scene is when one of samurai is attacked during the raid but saved by his own son. The old samurai rebukes the son, but then we see that he proudly smiles when his son turns away. In addition, the raid schenes have some good fight scenes as well. As opposed to Holliwood mainstream movies, all feelings in this movie are shown somewhat  indirectly  and every scene has many  sub-contents . I highly recommend this movie to everyone who is interested in serious cinematography
 Chushingura is a great film whose subject is the deep difficulties of being an honorable person in Japanese society, where the national dilemma is conflicting obligations. In the film, the central dilemma that Lord  Asano's samurai face is that they have sworn to avenge his death, yet by  doing so they will clearly violate the law of the Shogun they have sworn to  uphold. Other subplots illuminate the same theme--for example, while the  samurai are pretending that they have no plans to attack Kira, one falls in  love with a fearful, insecure woman. When the time comes for the samurai to  gather, she will not release him. Unable to meet both obligations, suicide  becomes his honorable solution. Another samurai, far too sick to travel,  dies in a valiant effort to reach the rendezvous. The samurai who races  from the Shogun's palace back to Asano's fiefdom with the news of his death  is carried in a litter. Running through the mountains, the bearers  accidentally strike and kill an elderly woman. When her family of low  rustics come to the samurai to demand justice, he acknowledges that even  they can expect his honor and commits suicide. Oishi, the leader of the  samurai, cannot tell Asano's wife the truth about the plan to avenge him  for fear of revealing it to a spy, and he must leave her house in apparent  shame. He sends her a letter at the time of the attack on Kira to explain.  She is left mortified that she doubted his loyalty. In one way this is  all a mystery to a modern American. Yet there is a profound appeal in the  idea of such pure dedication and love. Who among us is willing to die for  an ideal? At least we can appreciate why this story has been made into  dozens of plays, stories, poems and films--it is at the heart of Japanese  identity.  Chushingura is well worth seeing just for the treasures of  Japanese art you are unlikely to ever find in any museum. Toho Films made  this version in honor of their 50th anniversary, and they filmed inside  magnificent palaces and castles. Gorgeous rooms, screens, kimonos, wall  paintings, uniforms--the finest art of 18th-century Japan--makes it hard to  concentrate on the story the first time you see the film.
 I first saw this film in the 60's in a small theater over 3 hours with one intermission.  I never left my seat, in fact I started out sitting in the aisle at the back because the theater was full. The photography is gorgeous with brilliant winter scenes backing up intense sword fights in which you aren't sure what happened until someone keels over dead. Political betrayal is revenged while honor ultimately prevails. You are immersed in the feudal Japanese world and yet reminded of much the same thing happening today. Definitely worth seeing and buying once you've seen it.
 This film is, hands down, one of the best samurai films ever made and cherished by many Japanese. A simple mention of "chushingura or the "47 retainers conjures images of snow-swept feudal Edo (Tokyo) and stealthy samurai enacting a long-awaited raid to revenge their deceased master.  The plot revolves around an intrigue at the shogun's court. A venal official named Kira uses his position to extort money from the visiting daimyo, or feudal lords.  One feudal lord, Asano, citing the samurai code, proudly refuses to pay Kira. A scuffle erupts. In the fight's aftermath, Asano is forced to commit suicide for disgracing the court.  The scene then shifts to Asano's home, where his loyal samurai hatch a plan to kill Kira.  Their plot unfurls over years - years in which their are laughs, deceptions and romances. But beneath the trifles and within the heart of each of the 47 sworn samurai lies a deadly fighting spirit preparing, concealing and mustering a coup that will rock all of Japan.  This film rises to the top of the stack of Japanese films for three reasons
 If you live long enough to see the opening sequence of  47 Ronin , you may die happy
 Not much more to say.  New in box.  Arrived on time and undamaged.  What more can one ask for of an online purchase?
 Here is an exquisite spectacle that embodies the spirit of bushido, newly released in stunning brilliance on DVD.  For three hours, the Western viewer is swept to another time and place, one as strange yet vivid as anything imagined in science fiction or fantasy.  If I was forced to make a shallow comparison, it might be to John Wayne's  The Alamo  for its evocation of heroic self-sacrifice and in its attempt to humanize sweeping historical events.  But Chushingura is far more accomplished and less prone to theatrical bravado.  The 47 loyal samurai are bound by duty and devotion, not patriotic fervor.  They have no hope for personal survival, but accept their fate calmly and without flowery speechifying.  In this lavishly produced movie, they live again -- stalwart and thoughtful, furious and fleeting.  A profoundly engaging work that speaks to the core of the traditional Japanese martial spirit.
 I have been waiting literally half my life for this movie. I first saw Klaus Nomi performing in Urgh! A Music War when I was 14 years old( like most other teens in small towns across America , Nomi wasn't exactly playing for them in  the club down the street ) and have been fascinated ever since. By the time I had gotten my hands on his two albums, he was dead and  gone and largely forgotten, one of the first victims of AIDS in the world of the arts. His music literally defies desciption. It is all over the place and very difficult to put into a category ( this is discussed at length in this movie .) If you have only a passing knowledge or curiousity of this extraordinary entertainer, you must see this film. If you are a fan, it will be a dream come true, like it was for me, and will fill in all the holes in the Nomi story. It is his life, told with pictures, anecdotes, lots of concert footage, old interviews with Klaus himself and new interviews with those who knew him before he became famous. A MUST SEE.
 Caught this film a couple of months ago at an independent film workshop and could hardly hold back the tears. I saw Klaus Nomi in Columbus, Ohio during his whirlwind tour of the Midwest and still have my red and black button with the Nomi profile. It sure was different back then-the folks in Akron were so enchanted by this strange little man that he ended up on the cover of the Akron Beacon-Journal Sunday magazine-holding a huge oversized old boot from a flea market and smiling the most bemused little grin of astonishment. Through the interviews and private film footage on this DVD we get to see a little bit of the man beneath the make-up. The segments in Aunt Trudi's dollhouse almost broke my heart as she talked about what a happy little boy he had been and how all the children would come running when he came for a visit-contrasted with the way he died-alone and friendless as did so many others in the early 80's.  Buy this as a souvenir of a time that was filled with so many possibilities and so much tragedy. Klaus's life was certainly filled to the brim with both.
 I knew Klaus in 70's New York, and am delighted to see him preserved for other generations in this wonderful documentary.  Particularly pleased by two things
 This film is more than a portrait of the legendary and unforgettable Klaus Nomi; it brings together all the disparate fragments of his elusive legend into a remarkable whole. In doing so, director Andrew Horn tells not only Nomi's story, but the story of a New York that's gone, but hardly forgotten. It's the New York of dreams and hope, of community, artistic aspirations, and low rents. It was a time when half your friends got famous, died, or both. In The Nomi Song, Horn tells this East Side Story twice
 Klaus Nomi, what a STAR. He was clever, articulate and above all an original talent. Unfortunately his short, but outrageous life was cut short. I first saw Klaus on a British "Pop programme back in the 80's and was dumb founded by his amazing vocal and visual talents. This DVD does him justice and tells the story of his brief life with tributes from the people who knew him. One criticisum though..........more footage of Klaus on stage and his videos would have made this perfect.
 I first saw "The Nomi Song the same weekend I saw another music docu-bio, "No Direction Home, and frankly I thought "Nomi was by far the better film. Now, I'm not saying Andy Horn is as accomplished a director as Martin Scorcese (for one thing, there is a lot less cussing in Horn's films, which is the only reason I can think of for why Horn wasn't nominated for an Oscar for "Nomi"), but I learned a lot more about the New Wave movement in the 1970s and 80s in Horn's film than I did about the folk movement in the 1960s in Scorcese's film. While Scorcese's goal apparently was to lionize Dylan, Horn's goal was at once more modest and more satisfying - to make a compelling film that gave you the sense of what it must have been like to be a musician/singer or even just a follower of New Wave music back in the day. Even if you don't have the slightest interest in Klaus Nomi (and I confess, I didn't), you'll come away from this movie impressed by Horn's exemplary movie-making skills, as well as his ability to find the essential humanness buried in Nomi's "man from outer space persona.
 a wonderful souvenir for those who actually danced to the music of Klaus Nomi , like I did at the time .  Always liked the original and extra-ordinary and at the start of Nomi's career I've bought all of his records, fascinated by how different, but also how differred his music was.  Maybe because of his early death people never really got to know who or what this person would be in real life....  Apart from what little one could read in specialized music magazines about him nothing much was known about him ...  And I always wanted to know MORE about this strrrrange man .  This documentary gives us a glimpse in the life of this man, his art, his friends and what thrived him to be what he was.  A strange bird in music world ,which he is , still to this day!  This DVD-release is what lots of people waited for ,even if you're not accainted with Klaus Nomi or his music, this DVD will captivate you .If you like music, if you like original artists, watch this, you won't regret it !
 A wonderful documetary on the life and music of Klaus Nomi. A blend of interviews, rare footage and photographs brings this unusual singer back into the limelight for one more song. I brought my teenage daughters to see this film and they were enthralled by this non-conventional artist. Sadly, his life and so many others were cut short by the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s.
 I watched this movie last night after hearing Nomi for the first time a month ago.  The first time I became familiar with Nomi was back in the early 1980s in high school. A friend of mine and I saw Nomi's picture in a music magazine. We both laughed at "that weirdo".  Fast forward to June 2011. I saw the same picture online and looked him up on Youtube. He was an amazing talent, truly world class. I feel bad about casting such homophobic judgment on him. He died of AIDS complications before anyone knew what it was. Back then people thought AIDS could be spread via casual contact, so no one visited him in the hospital while he was dying.  Klaus, RIP. You were the best.
 Up until now, I'd heard maybe two songs by Klaus Nomi. Then I found this DVD in my local public library, of all places. Here's my chance to get up to speed on him, I thought.  Needless to say, this was more than I bargained for, and quite a revelation. Now I have an idea of how much I've missed through the years. Now I feel great sadness at never having seen him live. But at least I have this definitive biography and tribute to him.  Sure it's a biography, but also so much more. It's also a chronicle of late '70 and early '80s NYC. Heady, creative times. Maybe the only time and place where Nomi could have successfully been what he was. Chronicled lovingly and faithfully by Horn. We get the biographical facts and all the expected interviews with the people who knew him well and worked with him. They all added much insight.  Despite Nomi's non-mainstream, otherworldy persona, the overall narrative still takes the form of a standard rock star biography. A long, slow rise up from obscurity. A brief time at the top. A quick fall. And yet, Horn puts it all together so expertly that it rises above that genre. Nomi is best put in perspective by Horn's use of footage from the sci-fi classic "It Came From Outer Space. Nomi was a special man indeed. Alien, yet impacting many people's lives.  This DVD version comes with many added extras to give us even more insight. I highly recommend you partake of this to experience Klaus Nomi in the best possible way left to us.
 Just had to say that this is one great documentary & a great subject. I knew Andy Horn , the director, from my NYU film days in the '70's & I am so proud of his work. I never heard of Klaus till this documentary & I'm hooked! Started to order his CD's thru Amazon right away. Yes, it is a predicatable story yet done very well. The songs do not do justice unless seen with Klaus performing. I asked Andy to do a video of all his songs & says there are so few that were taped that it's not worth it. Maybe if anyone reads this can write how they would invest in buying his musical video!!
 This is a wonderful disc that looks at Klaus Nomi from all angles.  His vocal and visual style both were unparalleled, and the footage of his first performance is nothing short of astonishing.  It's no wonder that an announcer frequently had to remind the audience that what they were hearing was not a recording - Klaus Nomi was the real thing.  Highly recommended for devotees of the avant garde.
 If you like Klaus Nomi even a little bit you will love this documentary. Klaus lead a short but a very interesting life. The end was tragic for Klaus.
 I had the opportunity to catch clips of Klaus Nomi (or "Nomi") in online video footage, and was immediately mesmerized. This man had the voice of an extraterrestrial angel, the swagger of a B-Movie space alien and costuming by way of a Fred Astaire film (black jacket, pants, vest), infused with plenty of helium. How can one really describe this truly one-of-a-kind artist who died, when he was on the brink of stardom, as an early fatality of AIDS, in 1983?  This documentary takes an in depth look at the man behind the music, fancy costuming and elaborate scenery. A German pastry chef, Klaus Nomi arrived in New York, in the 1970s, as one of a trail of artistic misfits searching for his niche. He had enjoyed singing since he was a small boy in Germany, as his auntie recalls (her likeness depicted in a dollhouse, with cut out head, pasted on to dress with generous hoop skirt, her sweet voice recalling Nomi's early childhood passages. We see early film clips, interviews and performances).  This film is engaging, eye-opening and completely one-of-a-kind.  Don't miss out!
 The Nomi Song is a wonderful documentary of a bizarre New Wave performer who may be more known for how he died than his musical innovations.  Klaus Nomi (Klaus Sperber) was a German-born countertenor who, after working as an usher for the Berlin opera house, came to New York City in 1974 in the hopes of finding fame.  He stunned the audience of the 1978 New Wave Vaudeville Show with his beautiful rendition of the aria "Mon caeur s'ouvre &agrave; ta voix ("My heart opens to your voice").  In the next few years he developed an act combining opera with electronic pop while presenting a mysterious, otherworldly persona.  Fans called his music "future wave though he preferred the term "now wave".  He was quite the phenomenon in New York and Europe but died before his career could really take off.  This DVD includes footage from his New Wave Vaudeville performance as well as many other vintage clips.  Those interviewed include songwriter Kristian Hoffman, manager/producer Ron Johnsen, art director Page Wood, photographers Anthony Scibelli and Michael Halsband, Ann Magnuson (who got him the New Wave Vaudeville gig), writer and original performer of "Lightning Strikes Lou Christie (in the Extras), painter Kenny Scharf, friend Gabriele La Fari among others.  The documentary follows Nomi's brief career and also the New Wave scene in New York, particularly East Village.  Clips of some of his performances include the "Fiorucci Celebrates the New Wave show and he and Joey Arias's appearance with David Bowie on Saturday Night Live.  The props used in his shows are described and Page Wood even has miniature cardboard cut-outs.  Many people were involved in helping Klaus Nomi develop his image although, in interviews found elsewhere, he liked to take sole credit.  In a French television interview, he claimed to be the designer of the Nomi badge and tuxedo outfit.  This documentary credits others with helping to create those visuals.  One contributor admitted Nomi had a powerful ego.  Unfortunately, impatient for fame, Nomi would abandon some of those who helped him from the beginning, although their touching work in creating this film demonstrates they never lost their admiration for him.  There is a brief discussion of Nomi's promiscuous lifestyle which lead to him contracting AIDS.  His aunt shares a story of a rather, in retrospect, sad reunion with her nephew before he returned to New York for the last time.  Among the extras, it is learned that photos were taken of him in the hospital during the advanced stage of his illness (though they are not shown in this film).  Also in the extras are full length performances, audio remixes, a slide show of childhood photos of Klaus, commentary by director Andrew Horn, trailers, etc.  This reviewer would have liked an image gallery of Nomi as the case lists one among the special features but was not able to locate it (there is a brief film and slide show of East Village), the complete 10 O'clock News segment, and perhaps the TV Party appearance (the latter two are available elsewhere, though).  If the viewer clicks on the pie icon on the Extras "Additional Footage page, it opens up Klaus's lime tart recipe.  Information on The Long Island Four would have been a welcomed addition to the extras as clips from that film were used in the documentary with no mention of the source save for the credits.  It is obvious that much effort, creativity and care went into this documentary.  It begins and ends with scenes from the 1953 science fiction film It Came From Outer Space with Nomi superimposed in the footage.  There is a shirtless man holding a white ball in the background of the Ira Siff's interview clips lending them some strange, artistic effect.  The TV Party segment where Klaus gives his lime tarts lesson was damaged so, during the missing footage, it switches to two people adjusting the antenna of an old television set.  Klaus's aunt was too shy to be shown in the film, so the creators went to great lengths creating a miniature dollhouse of her living room including the pictures she had on her walls with her as a cardboard doll that they also placed in a makeshift miniature garden which represented a favorite childhood spot for Klaus.  One of the extras shows an amazing mechanical doll of Nomi built by a fan.  He was and is definitely admired by his loyal friends and followers.  Hopefully, he realized their devotion during his lifetime.
 "The Nomi Song is a fascinating documentary about Teutonic countertenor Klaus Nomi, whose music blended disco, camp, classical music, and science fiction. He was a performance artist before Lady GaGa took the title, was more "out there than Ziggy Stardust (<a href="http
 4.5 stars  I had the good fortune to grow up with a completely New Wave/Brit/new music radio station that first broadcast in 1977. We were thus treated to almost everything new in music coming out from then until about '85, when the station was sold. Hindsight shows what an amazingly fertile time for new musical styles that was, and of the thousands of new groups and artists we heard, none were quite as unique as Klaus Nomi.  This guy really did seem to descend from outer space, in both looks and sound. His operatic voice and alien visage set him so far apart that he was never more than a curiosity to some, but to a few folks I knew he was a real hero, proof that one could be as weird as desired and still make a mark.  The Nomi Song does a good job of showing how that all came to be, and as an old fan it told me many things I didn't know and introduced me to members of his crew, with many insights. My one main issue with this doc is that those issues aren't explored in any real depth. Perhaps no one was ever close enough to him to find out, but I would have liked more effort to look deeper into the mind of this very unique artist.  Herr Sperber was indeed one of a kind, and having spent many years in Berlin I now see how much that town and its ethos transformed him. Their any-style-goes and love of blackness combined with a deep classical music heritage set his mood, and his move to Manhattan in 1974 put him in the midst of a bankrupt town ready for anything new and exciting. Nomi grew out of the ashes of the Warhol era, when the New York Dolls were happening (they are oddly not mentioned here) and glam makeup on a guy started to become hip in some avant garde circles. Sperber took all this, added his newfound operatic skills and voila, Klaus Nomi.  The Nomi Song does a nice job of setting the scene for what follows, and we get a good look at how it evolved into the Nomi style (which is not far from Ace Frehley's look in the Destroyer era, actually, another fact never touched on here; the costumes were very similar for a while). Lots of good interviews are provided, the funniest of which are those with his German roommate, who is so unremittingly negative and snarky that it becomes hilarious. Now that's one jealous woman!  Interviews with certain key players are missing, such as David Bowie, whose support jump-started Nomi's career, and Joey Arias, one of Klaus' closest collaborators. But what's here is very good, and we get a pretty full shot of the rise and fall of Nomi. AIDS is gone into in some detail, but Nomi's gay lifestyle is mentioned cursorily, which keeps the art in full view, and it's hard to complain about that.  The extras are excellent, with some full performances of tunes and longer interviews, and all in all this is the dream dvd that Nomi fans long dreamed of. If you like unique personalities, unique music, and just uniqueness in general, you can't go wrong checking this out. And make sure to listen to Nomi's eponymous album as well.  A lot of styles and trends have come and gone since the late 70s, and almost every one has been copied by the next generation. But Klaus Nomi remains completely one of a kind, with a marvelous falsetto soprano voice and absolutely detached persona that was unique unto himself. And that's a feat few artists have ever achieved.
 The Nomi Song is a fantastic documentary full of great footage and anecdotes.  Anyone interested in Klaus Nomi must check it out!
 Incredible rare footage of talented cult classic. There was never anyone like him. We miss you, Klaus!
 I love cross-reality stories and this disc is one long Tenchi "What if? series. Kyone's story is fantastic.  This actually spawned the Pretty Sammy spin off series.
 I have Five children from 3 to 14 years old and they all love the Power Rangers series.  Each of them have their favorites from all the different series over the last 11 years, but I happen to like this newest DVD the best.  They have gone back to the lighter storylines that made the show a hit with the younger kids years ago, but at the same time have much wittier dialogue, good plotlines, and extremely better special effects than ever before, making it a show my teenagers appreciate.  I know I do, especially since I have to watch these with my kids.  I find this new show very funny and innovative, making it very enjoyable to watch.  If your family likes neat action, good comedy, and fun characters, I would highly recommend this DVD.
 Rubi was amazing on DVD. I have to admit I was a little iffy whether I should buy it because I have purchased other Novelas on DVD and didn't like them. I'm the first to admit, I was wrong. It has the whole show on it and it's not all chopped up either. It even has some extra footage and an alternative ending. I would strongly suggest this to any Rubi fan. The show was great and the DVD dosen't come far behind.
 Ever since I saw the first episode of Rubi, I was totally hooked. Rubi is a very captivating telenovela from beginning to end. It has all the qualities that make a telenovela great such as greed, passion, deceit, and romance to name a few. This is an awesome DVD to own. I highly recommend it to any Rubi fan. I would also recommend it to any fan of telenovelas. The DVD has English subtitles so you can still enjoy even if you don't speak fluent Spanish. There are a bunch of extras too! You definitely get your money's worth. There are certain parts that have been edited out, but they didn't take out any of the important parts. Another major plus is the price; I was able to purchase it for less than $20.
 This novela was truly a spectaucalar one,Rubi is hot,beautiful,and sexy all in one but as she is sexy she is evil.Really a great novela and I would recommend it to anyone.
 This is arguably one of the best telenovelas of 2004. The story follows Rubi, a poor, beautiful yet ambitious young woman who stops at nothing to get love and, most importantly, money. By schemes and lies, Rubi finally marries a wealthy man, Hector. Yet she cannot forget the one she truly loves, Alejandro. Rubi finally sees that material things are not as important as true love, goodness and kindness. Yet she denies her wrongdoing and, in the end, her evil ways drive her to disaster and misery.  If you like telenovelas (Spanish soap operas) then you will love this one. The story line is refreshing and bittersweet. EDIT
 I'm now pretty keen to watch and enjoy Rubi as a main character in a telenovela thanks to all those enticing reviews.  It's going to be pretty interesting to watch a character causing so much wretchedness around.  Since I also had doubts about the length of this `telenovela',  it was a reassurance to learn from the DVD's cover that this DVD comes with 3 double sided discs playing 700+ minutes instead of only 1 disc playing only 74 minutes, which it wouldn't make sense after all.
 This Novela and this dvd were Really perfect  For My Mind Rubi is the biggest and Best novela of Televisa Company And The World  Perfectfull, Great 
 A Rub&iacute; no la vi en formato de telenovela, sino en DVD, y la verdad es que me pareci&oacute; completa, bendita sea la persona a quien se le ocurri&oacute; comenzar a editar novelas en DVD, as&iacute; nos libramos de tantas subtramas que no le aportan nada a la historia original, &iquest;se imaginan lo que hubi&eacute;ramos podido pasar con las escenas de los personajes de la vecindad??? &iquest;Y qu&eacute; decir de la ambientaci&oacute;n? Me parece que despu&eacute;s de Coraz&oacute;n Salvaje y Amor Real, Rub&iacute; tiene los escenarios m&aacute;s hermosos que nunca se hayan visto, magn&iacute;fica fue la idea de grabar en Canc&uacute;n y otras locaciones que muestran la hermosura de M&eacute;xico. Por otra parte, el vestuario est&aacute; muy bien ajustado y creo que Rub&iacute; derroch&oacute; glamour en casi todos los cap&iacute;tulos de la novela, claro, Maribel, Helena, Sonia y otras tantas no se quedaron atr&aacute;s... Por cierto, Marlene Favela, quien anteriormente protagoniz&oacute; un bodr&iacute;o de lo m&aacute;s infame en Miami, ha mejorado mucho su actuaci&oacute;n en esta novela, mejor para ella. Y hablando de actuaci&oacute;n, todos los personajes est&aacute;n muy bien aunque a veces exageraban un poco, o les faltaba ese algo para convencer m&aacute;s al p&uacute;blico
 Every young woman yearns for a life full of prosperity, some of us sweat blood and tears to achieve those expectations we call happiness. While other's bend beyond the boundaries of evil to reach a life full of wealth and luxury.  Rubi is exactly that, a tale of a young woman born into poverty but destines to live a life full of wealth and luxury and will go to any length to achieve her goal.  From the beginning I was hoping that someday Rubi would realize that having all the money in the world would not be the key to her happiness. But watching every single step of her immorality is what had me hooked.  Rubi was full of shocking and unthinkable moments. Abandoning her true love and stealing her best friend's fianc&eacute; were two pivotal situations that had me on the edge of my seat.  At the end, once it was too late, Rubi realizes that wealth and luxury is not the key to happiness.  I found Rubi to be very rewarding because it depict the notion that good always prevails over evil.
 I receieved Rubi on DVD promptly and in perfect codition .  There are 3 DVD's that play on both sides.  Nothing extra special.  Good price and fast shipping, I can't complain.
 I have looked everywhere for this novela and I finally found it on amazon. It is great and I love it.
 Even though some parts were cut out I really enjoyed this dvd. It's very entertaining. I watch it over & over again. My cousins were skeptical about watching it so I told them all they have to do is watch the first side to the 1st dvd & if they didn't like it they didn't have to finish it. But like i knew they loved it & we was up to 5
 Rub&iacute; es una de mis novelas preferidas y, aunque la edici&oacute;n para dvd no es la mejor, de todas formas me gust&oacute; mucho tenerla y la he visto varias veces.  La canci&oacute;n original de la novela no est&aacute; en la edici&oacute;n para el dvd, eso es algo triste pues la canci&oacute;n es muy buena y la del dvd ni se le aproxima.  Tambi&eacute;n tiene un especial de Rub&iacute; pero est&aacute; cortado.  Yo le pongo 5 estrellas porque me fascina la historia, tal vez si no me gustara tanto, a &eacute;sta edici&oacute;n del dvd le pondr&iacute;a 3.
 I am hooked.  This is a really good story.  I feel weird because I never could stand more than 5 seconds of American soaps.  Gorgeous latin women!  My first Spanish soap was called ROSALINDA and it's awesome too!
 I was rivited to the screen when I watched Rubi as a telenovela, but missed numerous episodes. When the last one was to be shown, my cable service went out and I called customer service and explained that it was the last episode of Rubi, and the rep totally understood and had it fixed by 8 p.m.  My friends also whispered that they were hooked. So I jumped at the opportunity to order this DVD set. Unfortunatley, it came in a sealed package missing the first disk!  So I didn't see the early episodes and am still at a loss as to how the plot was set up. Nevertheless, Rubi is the Mexican telenovela at its finest. It has all the elements
 My husband watched just for Barbara Mori, the "hottest women on the small screen". I myself am hooked on Spanish Novellas.
 Rubi has looks men admire and women envy. Her ambitions are high, but dangerous. She will use her beauty and cunning desire to get whatever she wants. There is of course Alejandro who is the love of her life, but even he is pushed aside as she aims for her dreams of grandeur. Will she ever come to her sense or keep pushing until she falls over?  Barbara Mori excels as Rubi and really brings her to life. She makes you hate her and want her at once. The supporting cast too is excellent, but Rubi is the star just like she would like it. One of the better telenovelas recently made, you will be hooked by the first episode.  Great stuff!
 i'm wondering if they ever going to do part 2 where her neice is twice as free spirited and dangerous lol
 The DVD was great ... just like watching on TV except no commercials and no repeats of what you'd just seen the day before.
 It's fine... especially good for sharpening the listening skills of those for whom Spanish is a second language (it even has subtitles!).  Pero, por supuesto, es una telenovela, y como English "soap operas los contenidos son "trashy.  Pues, si es lo que tienes, bueno.  Que tenga un buen dia!
 I had a chance to watch this soap opera on t.v. but I never thought it was interesting..... but now that I noticed I Want the dvd. That's weird, when I had  a chance I decided not to watch it.... but I am most likely going to buy it and see if it's that good.... seems like a interesting soap opera....... I am spanish so I know exactly what they are saying, I love soap opera's in Spanish.. lol    -Thanks for your time =D
 I need to buy rubi dvd, and I don't speak spanish so I need one which has english subtitles and I know this one has, but in the features, it says it's only 74 mins and only 1 disc .. so is it really edited that much !! coz I need to see the show .. plz reply if u see this
 This was one of the first William Peterson movies I had ever seen.  The first one was "To Live and Die in L.A.  If you haven't seen that one, pick it up. Even though this movie has been reproduced, this is still worth watching.  The villian is menacing and more frightening than Ralphe Fiennes, although I love Ralphe.  Check it out if you haven't already!!!
 This is a GOOD film. Not great, and by no means as jaw-dropping as SILENCE, but nevertheless it did introduce us to a certain doctor. The cinematography in this film is beautiful. Framing and cutting are as close to perfect as possibly. And William Peterson! What happened to him?!! His performance here is one of understatement, and has lived in my mind as long (if not longer) than Hopkins' Lecter.  This is a truly different beast to it's successor.. it was the mid eighties. Everything is clean and clinical, not a gothic prison, or monotonous Hopkins in sight. Not a classic but far, far better than average.
 Manhunter,Forgotten for so many years, is now back with a vengeance. One of my all time favorite films! I believe it to be superior to Silence of the Lambs in many ways
 Manhunter is the prequel to Silence of the Lambs.  Though it is not as high profile as the follow up, many will argue that this is the better film.  Those that are expecting a low budget, artless introduction to Hannibal Lector, with bad acting are in for a surprise.  A lot of people will list Manhunter as one of there favourite films. The acting is superb.  Tom Noonan plays the serial killer in his unusual style.  Scottish actor Brian Cox plays Hannibal Lector.  Is Brian Cox's Lector better than Hopkins?  Cox's Lector portrayal is a lot less flamboyant, and almost seems casual than Hopkins's and as a result is more convincing.  Personally I prefer Cox's performance. William L Peterson plays Will Graham and is absolutely fantastic.  Will Graham is the Manhunter of the title.  Graham is able emulate the killers dark thoughts in his own imagination but doesn't know how to cope with them.  Graham makes a fascinating hero and the character is brought wonderfully to life by Peterson. The film is also visually striking, extremely tense and feels utterly unique.  Manhunter is a brilliant film.
 Despite what you may have heard and may read in other reviews further down... THIS WAS NOT A MADE FOR TV MOVIE! Trust me. I saw it at the Ford/Wyoming drive-in in 1986 in Dearborn Michigan. I was blown away by it then and am still blown away every time I see it. It is a masterwork. It is a far more cerebral movie the campy and silly horror type movie called The Silence of the Lambs. If you like John Wong movies this is probably too much for you. It should be viewed on its merits as a film.... Not a book. Books rarely make it to the screen in pure form. This is Mann at his best.... Also check out Thief, and To live and Die in LA.
 Now we finally have the DVD release of the proper version of this film.  In recent years we've seen two DVD releases containing a total of 3 different cuts of this film.  But none of them contained the original theatrical version (the one released on VHS and laserdisc oh so many years ago).  This one, the MGM release, is the "definitive version that most of the fans have been screaming for for a long time.  I can't believe it took this long.  I was delighted when the other versions were released on DVD because they had some bonus goodies included with them, but my delight faded as soon as I discovered the film was cut differently from the version I had seen so many times on VHS and Laserdisc and had grown to love.  The other DVD versions are missing parts of scenes, have alternate versions of some scenes, are missing dialogue, and have added scenes that interrupt the flow of the movie.  At least one of the other versions includes a coda at the end where William Peterson's character pays a visit to the family that would have been the Tooth Fairy's next victims.  Being so familiar with the original theatrical cut, I found that coda to be unnecessary and and even a bit clunky.  This new MGM release has no bonus features at all.  And you know what?  I don't care.  I didn't buy it for the bonus goodies, I bought it for the FILM!  And with all due respect to Sir Anthony Hopkins and his take on the Hannibal Lector character (which grew more over-the-top with each sequel/rehash), Brian Cox's portrayal of Lector is shrewder and more believable.  His Hannibal is far more understated than Hopkins', and it works better for the character and the film.  Hopkins' portrayal seems "too Hollywood by comparison.  But as another reviewer so rightly pointed out, "Manhunter is a crime drama and "Silence of the Lambs is closer to being a horror film.  Brian Cox's Hannibal wouldn't be as effective in "Lambs and Hopkins' Hannibal would be FAR too much in "Manhunter".  So I guess it really is like comparing apples and oranges.  But you don't have to choose one over the other.  You really should like them both.  "Manhunter is gritty, "Lambs is eerie.  But you need to have one definitive version of "Manhunter to hold up high and cherish, and this version is it.
 How difficult is this?  You'd like to rate this movie five plus stars, because it is indeed a masterpiece (Don't listen to those whiney saps who want to compare it to Silence of the Lambs.  Manhunter was a crime drama.  SOTL was a horror movie.  While I don't favor Hopkins cartoonish portrayal of Lechter, I'll admit it was entertaining.  I prefer Cox's cerebral portrayal which resembled the book. But let's stop this bashing back and forth, it's tiresome.), on the other hand, Anchor Bay butchered it so much, it doesn't deserve the high ranking.  What do you do?  I'd almost like to opt for a seperate rating system here at Amazon.  One for if you like the movie, and a seperate one for what fans of the movie thought of Anchor Bay's  remastering . For those of you who'd be interested, here is Anchor Bay's  canned  response to a recent critique
 As intense and powerful a film as  Silence of the Lamb  is, I consider  Manhunter  (AKA sometimes as  Red Dragon ) to be the better movie -- more compelling and better photographed.  Michael Mann has directed a strongly stylized movie, where mood and tone overshadow plot details and even acting.  I have just viewed the  Limited Edition  of the DVD which includes both the theatrical release version and the special Director's Cut, plus two short  featurettes  with interviews with Dante Spinatti and the key actors.  The DVD is not perfect -- an optional audio commentator by the director would have been much appreciated and, unfortunately, the  Director's Cut  version has not been enhanced to give the same visual clarity as the theatrical version -- but I still rate it 5 stars based upon the film itself.  If you have only seen  Silence of the Lambs , take a look at  Manhunter .
 Michael Mann's acutely disquieting cinematic voyage into the psyche of serial murderers, the conscience of the law enforcement officers that pursue and clean up after them, and the oblivion of insanity that mark both sides whether they want to or not remain unwavering themes of magnitude throughout this hauntingly remarkable pioneering thriller by director Michael Mann (Last of the Mohicans, Heat, Insider). Based on the memorable best seller by Thomas Harris (Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal), Manhunter recounts the story of a well known serial killer known only as the  Tooth Fairy  who apparently kills entire families in apparently brutal, inhuman, and excessively savage fashions during every lunar cycle. With two families already slaughtered and time desperately running out until the next predicted homicides will probably take place, F.B.I. agent Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina) requests the help of retired F.B.I. agent Will Graham (William L. Petersen) to assist in helping to track down the maniac before he strikes again. Graham is initially hesitant to participate due his strangely personal relationship with serial homicide. He was previously the chief agent responsible for the apprehension of numerous serial killers including well-renown psychiatrist Hannibal  The Cannibal  Lector (Brian Cox). During the Lector arrest, Lector viciously attacked Graham leaving several immense scarring wounds along with significant psychological damage derived from Graham's attempts to get inside Lector's head. Reluctant to act due to his wishes of his wife and fear of having a relapsing psychotic episode, Graham grudgingly accepts and begins a long and painfully personal descent into the mind of a madman. Only through Graham's gift of thinking like the murderer can he possibly hope to stop him. However conventional, predictable, or just plain uncreative this plot may sound to you, Manhunter remains an unexpectedly inspired odyssey into the modern human heart of darkness by way of the canvas of the modern morbid American obsession/fascination into serial killing. By seeking to metaphorically define the sometimes subtle mystique of the unsavory subject of serial murder and its effect on society, Mann has concocted a surrealistic nightmare that emits a dense film noir type feeling of depravity and hopelessness as we are lead through a multitude of authentic sights and sounds of the American Dream gone awry through the eyes of the victims turned victimizers. The murderers are represented as misunderstood geniuses that happened to find a most deadly form of self-expression. Life has given them a raw deal, and now it's time for life to receive its bitter medicine back in spades. One essential basis to Manhunter's continued success and exceedingly fond admiration among fans and critics alike is the icily candid yet childishly impulsive virtuoso performance of Tom Noonan as Francis Dollarhyde (The Tooth Fairy). He exudes a grain of harshly treated humanity gone astray by mistreatment and misunderstanding. He is too far along for spiritual redemption, yet Noonan still permits Dollarhyde's impoverished humanity to seep through to an unforgettably sympathetic performance of man doomed to be a killing machine. Manhunter invariably set the stage for other more well known psychological thrillers including Jonathon Demme's Silence of the Lambs and David Fincher's Seven. Though it may not be quite as action packed or gruesomely depicted, Manhunter's dramatic intensity and perceptive glimpse into primal humanity will always distinguish this emotional powerhouse from its descendants. As for the special Anchor Bay Manhunter DVD, it has an excellent Anamorphic Widescreen presentation, two documentaries about the making the film and it's cinematic look, theatrical trailer, special director's cut, and 24-page collector's booklet. This is a Must-Buy for fan of sophisticated horror, Thomas Harris, or Hannibal Lector. P.S. Never Let Just Leap Through a Window
 I have seen the "director's cut and the theatrical release. I strongly recommend this DVD (I own it). It is the theatrical release and, quite frankly, Michael Mann's original editing instincts were on target. The "director's cut really doesn't add significant impact to the film. The only detrimental thing I have to say about this DVD is that it is not widescreen. But, it's really not worth spending between $25 and $300 dollars for out-of-print director's cuts. Or, get the new 3-disc Lector set that includes this film, Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal. Unfortunately, as with many of Mann's films - the director's cut releases reflect poor judgment by the director [Last of the Mohicans is a prime example -- ruined by Mann in re-editing. And, the theatrical release was withheld from DVD.] Invest in the theatrical cut of Manhunter while it's available.
 Before "The Silence of the Lambs", before "The Red Dragon", before "Hannibal".. it was "Manhunter". Petersen shines on this film..
 This movie is the ultimate in 80's stylization. It is beautifully filmed, written and directed by Miami Vice producer Michael Mann. The soundtrack is exquisite, droning and non stop. William Petersen, now of CSI, gives a moving and believeable performance as Will Graham. The only thing keeping this movie from being the greatest film of all time is that Anthony Hopkins didn't play Lector. Enter the mind of a killer and you might never return...
 While Red Dragon (the latest remake of this film) has the star attraction of Anthony Hopkins, do NOT overlook the powerful performance of Brian Cox as Hannibal Lector in this movie. You might know this actor from Braveheart and he plays Lector as cold if not colder and calculating than Hopkins. William L. Petersen in the lead is another outstanding performance and makes Edward Norton in Red Dragon look childish in comparison. The makers of Red Dragon don't focus on this character as much as Hopkins is the star but they should have as the main story line is this character's overcoming his fears just as Clarice had to overcome hers in Silence of the Lambs. In fact every role here is played by actors you know the face but not the name. Much more stylish and slick than Red Dragon, this is the best movie you've never seen. If you are a fan of this genre of film do yourself a favor and get this movie! One of my all time favorites.
 Where do I start? This review is for Restored Director's Cut.  Manhunter is the penultimate movie. Michael Mann's best ever. Without a doubt he took this adaptation and took it to an entirely different level. The art direction, cinematography and acting are all first rate. No, it did not have the biggest budget, no it did not do well in the box office. So what? Every character conveyed emotion and I must say that I cannot get the movie out of my head. Part of the reason is because it was partially shot in my town. Another reason has to do with the style the movie was shot in. Mann knows his stuff and he conveys the power of the Harris's novel with aplomb!  Fans of Miami Vice will recognize character actors who guest starred on the show. Dennis Farina, Michael Talbott and a few others as well. The colors and art direction were remarkable too. Will Graham is an FBI man, but comes across as a regular guy which makes him likeable. He even empathizes with the killer as a child, saying
 There is nothing that I could say that hasn't aslready been said. I added this to my Hannibal collection, and it was well worth it.
 If there were three movies I was asked to bring with me to Heaven before dying, Manhunter would be among them, no doubt. Forget about the 2002, low-level, totally tasteless Red Dragon, which is a mere commercial by-product of Manhunter. Some of the acting lines and dialogs are literally Copy-and-Paste sections of the original movie.  My brother strongly advised me to watch Manhunter one evening, in 1990, merely 4 years after its low-key release. I watched it and damn it! The movie got me hooked, nice and firmly. I started wondering about the reasons why I had been so impressed by Manhunter. I guess there is a mix of things here.  Most definitely, the most fascinating part of it is to follow a high-calibre, irascible cop's journey into the mental and behavioural depths of a high-level, highly intelligent, socially integrated serial killer. The two finally meet, physically and mentally, in a very obscure, twilight zone. The underlying fascination that one might feel while watching this movie certainly comes from the perceived fragility of the line that separates an intelligent monster from his hunter. Call it education, conscience or empathy, internal balance, strength or maturity
 Even though RED DRAGON released last year ... This adaptation was made four years before SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and was based on the earlier Thomas Harris novel RED DRAGON. They did not call it RED DRAGON, because there was another movie that year with DRAGON in the title that did not do so well...and the studio feared it would get confused with that film. It's driected by Michael Mann who is famous for MIAMI VICE, and yes it shows in this film. But it's a grueling fast-paced reality-based thriller similar to SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. Big challenge is they had to vocalize Will Graham's thoughts in the book into actual lines in the movie. Sometimes you can tell the film was made on a smallish budget in the mid-80s, but on the whole? It holds up today as a great adaptation of a great book! It's a fun movie, and if you are a fan of the other thrillers like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS this will be right up your alley. Yes, there is a wonderful appearance by Hannibal the infamous cannibal -- though not much is made of his modus operandi. He is never referred to as a cannibal. But Brian Cox's portrayal is strong if brief. The real stars here are the actors portraying Will Graham and the killer. Both give creepy a human edge as they play cat and mouse with each other. And fans of Joan Allen -- her portrayal of the blind Reba is amazingly well done. Sexy and stylish, not too much gore, and very tight pacing. I can't be more effusive about this movie.  DIVIMAX DVD presentation of the film with added scenes before only seen on television showings.  The only problem with that is you see a difference in the film quality when they go to these scenes. They really don't add too much, but worth a look.  Also in this version is a commentary from Michael Mann.  He's not as chatty as some directors, but gives you a good idea of what he wanted out of this thriller.
 If you haven't checked out this, the first "Hannibal Lector (or "Lecktor as it is spelled in Manhunter) film you are certainly missing a hidden gem of the mid-80s.  Why this movie was a box-office bomb is beyond me -- perhaps a limited budget, lesser known (at the time) stars, bad push by the studio, who knows.  This film is one of the best in its genre if you go into it without a lot of expectations set by "Silence of the Lambs". William Petersen has become one of my favorite actors and you can see a bit of "Grissom from CSI in his portrayal of Will Graham, the FBI profiler protagonist of this film.  However, the character is very unique and Petersen, a master of the stage, jumped into this, only his second film, rather well.  His portrayal of someone on the edge, someone who becomes disturbed himself by putting himself in the minds of the disturbed is simply amazing.  I don't know if Petersen says there's some Graham in Grissom but I would bet he would. Petersen and Brian Cox are simply brilliant on the screen together and the four fellows I mention above
 Michael Mann took Thomas Harris's first novel RED DRAGON and turned it into a chilling movie that is almost entirely faithful to the book. This film has great character development and the element of pure mind terror. All the actors give great performances, and the movie is great. I suggest you see Michael Mann's MANHUNTER today.   Will Graham (William Petersen) is the FBI's semi-retired 'Manhunter' who is called back into service by his former superior, Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina). His job is to track down the serial killer called 'The Tooth Fairy' (because of the odd shape of his teeth)who stalked and killed two innocent families. To catch this sick individual (played hypnotically by Tom Noonan) Graham must do two things that test his sanity. He must visit the reason he tired, and think like the killer.   Dr. Hannibal Lecter is merely a secondary character in MANHUNTER. However, his brief appearances are terrifying. I'm sad to say that having seen THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, I cannot rightly see the talented Brian Cox as our favorite cannibal. He is however a fine actor, and a key addition to this film.   This film uses many things to make it great. It uses  mind terror , some scary images, and acid rock. Mann uses acid rock throughout the film and particularly at the stunning climax to fuel the film. The few flaws I saw were that of Dr. Lecter's character, (although to be fair, this is due to my bias on Anthony Hopkins being the better Hannibal)and at some points, the plot falters. Other than that, this is a top of the line thriller. If you enjoy great movies, you must own MANHUNTER.
 the most frightening movie i ever saw, manhunter, was even more scary then the cell or silence of the lambs. the fbi procedures looked very convincing and i think that made the film seem realistic.  also the serial killer was a functioning society member with a real cool house quite unlike the jame gumb killer in sotl. and that is what scared me the most.  i recommended this one
 I first saw the movie a few months ago.I was browsing through the shelves and my friend at the store just hande me this.THE FIRST VHS RELEASE.Great stuff.Now I have #81,004 of 100 000.Fantanstic,a great movie made greater on dvd.Brian cox's lecter is not one who everybody would recognize,but it's worth a look.Pay close attention to his eyes.And pay even more attention to denis farina's hand on the phone; it shakes slightly when Will graham(Petersen) "Figures things out.Great stuff.I also give silence of the lambs a 5 of course but that's me.Both Lecter incarnations are menacing,cold,and downright scary.....I won't even mention Tom Noonan's character. Thanks EDITORIAL.Wednesday, October 23. 2002 After seeing Red Dragon I must say that Manhunter is the better film. I like Norton, but in RD he looks like a child. Hopkins is always good and played Lector brilliantly. Francis dollarhyde was much more convincing when played by Tom Noonan. My two cents... A.P.L
 This early version of Thomas Harris's novel features an intense story, with fine acting by William Petersen (now seen as Gil Grissom on CBS's CSI).  Mr. Petersen is more intense than his Grissom character but the dogged determination of Grissom is there.  Brian Cox is fine as Lecter (but his role seemed kind of short, since he was one who got the critical praise).  Joan Allen was good as the blind woman who nearly got killed.  Also, interesting choice of song (Iron Butterfly's In A Gadda Da Vida [long version]).  Pretty cool movie.  I'm interested to see how the  new  version compares.  See it and buy it.
 Two points I would like to add to the general commentary beyond agreeing that this film is well worth checking out, even if it means you will never be able to listen to  In-a-gadda-da-vida  every again.  First, the difference between the current release  The Red Dragon  and this earlier adaptation of the Thomas Harris novel titled  Manhunter  is as clear as the difference between gray and white.  That would be the difference of the setting for Hannibal Lecter's jail cell.  In this version Brian Cox is dressed all in white in a cell with walls painted white.  Contrast that with with dark dungeon where Anthony Hopkins romps in  The Silence of the Lambs  et al. and it is a noticeable stylistic difference.  Take your pick for which one you think is more effective (my contention would be that you obviously do not get as much of a sense of Lecter from this film as you do in  Silence in the Lambs  strictly from the perspective of the script, without getting into the decidedly different nuances of the performances.   Second,  Manhunter  is not going to remind you of  The Silence of the Lambs,  it is going to reminder you of  Miami Vice.   This makes sense because director Michael Mann created the  MTV Cops  show two years before doing this film.  Then again, maybe you do not remember  Miami Vice,  in which case  Manhunter  will remind you of  C.S.I.  because William Petersen plays the hero.   If you have waited until the new version of  The Red Dragon  came out to finally go back and check this one out, shame on you for waiting until your third and final opportunity for a new film to remind you that the original Hannibal Lecter had been patiently waiting in his little white cell for you to come visit. P.S.  "Manhunter should not be confused with "The Manhunter, a 1974 TV pilot for a short-lived series starring Ken Howard as a Depression era bounty hunter.  Unfortunately there should not be too much confusion because the latter is not available on videotape, although it was an above average TV-movie with some potential for a series.
 I just saw Red Dragon this weekend. I tried to maintain an open mind as I am a fan of the movie Manhunter. Red Dragon was nicely done using a style similar to Silence of the Lambs. You will see scenes that will definitely spark the comparison and/or tying the movies together. As in Silence Anthony Hopkins will frighten and compell you. I was happy with all the acting. Edward Norton did a nice job but there is no doubt in my mind that William Petersen did a better job in Manhunter. I was also impressed with Ralph Fiennes job of Dolarhyde, but he was no Tom Noonan. Noonan first made me feel compassion for him then he frightened the hell out of me, Fiennes did not. Dennis Farina was a better Cop than Harvey Keitel and Stephen Lang's acting as the obnoxius reporter Freddy Lounds was far better than Phillip Hoffman's rendition. Michael Mann did a brilliant job with the casting, scenes, sets, and music that gave Manhunter a very unique style. Mann's style I think would have been better in the remake than the Brett Ratner version. The characterizations are so real that you can't turn your eyes away. The camera work and visual effects are some of the best you will ever see. This movie is intellectual and shocking. Why Thomas Harris refused to let them call Manhunter "Red Dragon is beyond me. I have read all his books and Manhunter is my favorite movie made from them. If you don't own a copy of Manhunter and you like mysteries like "Along Came A Spider", "Kiss the Girls", and "The Bone Collector", you need to immediately get it.
 "Hannibal Lecter's Legacy of Evil Begins Here"... This movie is a psychological thriller about a FBI detective tracking a serial killer. The movie was adapted from the novel "Red Dragon, by best-selling author Thomas Harris, and is the prequel to "The Silence of the Lambs and "Hannibal.  Michael Mann directed this movie and is well-known for his direction in more recent movies, "HEAT, "The Insider and "Ali. Right from the very beginning of the film, Mann's style of film work immediately caught my attention and drew me in. His work is best described as having "complex camera movements, meticulous compositions and slick, shadowy imagery. I noticed the intentional use of blue and green colors specifically being repeated throughout the movie as well. Close up shots were used quite often, to pull the viewer into the intense moments on screen. An example of this was when Will Graham ran out of the building after speaking with Hannibal Lector, and the second that he was outside and hit the open air, the camera zoomed in as he bent over to catch his breath. One of my favorite camera shots in the movie was of Graham climbing up a rope hanging from a tree, and the camera shot him from above looking down. Then there was also a great close up and lighting of the scene where the blind woman is walked to her door by a male co-worker, who then brushes something off of her cheek as the killer is watching from his van. I'd have to say that after seeing this movie, Michael Mann is now one of my favorite directors. Here's a great description of this film and the filmwork... "Manhunter is a cool, dispassionate descent into madness - into a world of unsettlingly bright chemical colors (the azure ocean backdrop to Graham's and his wife's lovemaking) and spatially bizarre mise-en-scenes (the murderer's lair with its arty props and malfunctioning TV). Given its sci-fi veneer and Graham's scary decision to empathize with his quarry in order to catch him, it's a movie that edges into hyperspace - and as such it now looks like a small visionary masterpiece. I also loved the soundtrack for this movie too, but I'll likely never find this as it's OOP (out of print). 
 A very enjoyable film that is an excellent prelude to the recent hannibal lector films The main bonus for me was the compelling portrayal of Hannibal Lector by the Scottish actor Brian Cox. He plays lector as a more beleivable chracter than Hopkins Lector. The cinematography (if some what dated but excellent)is typical of Michael Mann, if youve ever seen Miami Vice or the insider you will know what i mean. A gripping thriller. I love it.
 This film in my opinion is the best Hannibal film, better than the Remake just out. Even though Manhunter stands on its own as a singular film rather than part of a series. The portrayals are exactly how I imagined them and Cox gives us the best Lecter (even though Hopkins was brilliant in SOTL). The ending improves on the book, and has the brilliant song by Iron Butterfly. This is also a very disturbing and very 80's film, which adds to the whole atmosphere. Not enoughdevelopment for Dolarhyde, but this version of the film isn't really about him so we can ignore that. Buy this and watch it befor you get preconseptions from the remake.
 Fans of detective films ala Se7en should definitely have a look at this great film. William Petersen (The Skulls) plays Will Graham, a former FBI manhunter and former victim of Hannibal  The Cannibal  Lecter (Spelled LECKTOR in this film for some reason). Graham retired from the FBI after his encounter with Lecter. He also captured Lecter which is made apparent in the film. Grahams life is somewhat back on track. He now lives on the beach in Florida with his Wife and Son. He's happy now, having been driven to the brink of insanity from his work on the Lecter case. That all comes to an end when a friend from the FBI pays him a visit with news of a serial killer who kills on the eve of ever full moon. Graham tries to resist but ultimately succumbs when he is shown pictures of the families that have been killed in their sleep by this maniac. Graham then heads to Atlanta and begins work on profiling the killer, nicknamed The Tooth Fairy. What happens from here is one of the most entertaining, and interesting, detective dramas ever.  This film features some of the most beautiful photography of Florida to have ever been caught on film, I believe. Also a pumping soundtrack, chock full of 80's nostalgia, perpetuates the constant unease of the film. This film was also directed by Michael Mann. As for the DVD, This dvd has neat menu screens and very well written cast and crew bios. It also has two very interesting/entertaining featurettes. All in all this film comprises a detective film very nicely. Just don't go into watching it expecting it to be anything like The Silence of the Lambs or Hannibal. This is in no way like either of those films and Hannibal Lecter plays a very small and very minute part in this film.
 this movie was the very beginnning of Hannibal Lecter.  It is not, a Hannibal Lecter, movie.  This is an intense look at the man who caught the well-known cannibal and how he is called to  duty  once more.  This is a great film, directed wonderfully by Michael Mann, and William Petersen is terrific as the melancholy hero. I saw this when it came out in the 80's. I purchased it before reading the book Red Dragon, which I love. And, like Silence of Lambs, the movie follows the book completely.  Take the movie for what it is, a terrific thriller.
 I saw this on VHS back in '87. A great, scary, thrilling pursuit by a complex cop. Clean visuals and the greatest use of Iron Butterfly ever. This Lecter was better than Sir Anthony's hands down. No silly face masks or props, just pure evil in the eyes.
 Manhunter is a great adaption of Thomas Harris' book  Red Dragon .  It is the first movie that introduces Hannibal, the Cannibal, Lecter.  He is not played by Anthony Hopkins, but it is still a powerful role.  William Peterson is great in this and I hope that MGM considers him for the same role when they release their version of  Red Dragon . It is an dark movie that really works you into the mind of a serial killer.  It is very suspenceful and Michael Mann pulls off the suspence wonderfully.  I strongly recommend this movie to all suspence fan.
 This was made four years before SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and was based on the earlier Thomas Harris novel RED DRAGON.  They did not call it RED DRAGON, because there was another movie that year with DRAGON in the title that did  not do so well...and the studio feared it would get confused with that  film.  It's driected by Michael Mann who is famous for MIAMI VICE, and yes  it shows in this film.  But it's a grueling fast-paced reality-based  thriller similar to SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.  Big challenge is they had to  vocalize Will Graham's thoughts in the book into actual lines in the movie.  Sometimes you can tell the film was made on a smallish budget in the  mid-80s, but on the whole?  It holds up today as a great adaptation of a  great book!  It's a fun movie, and if you are a fan of the other thrillers  like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS this will be right up your alley.  Yes, there is  a wonderful appearance by Hannibal the infamous cannibal -- though not much  is made of his modus operandi.  He is never referred to as a cannibal.  But  Brian Cox's portrayal is strong if brief.  The real stars here are the  actors portraying Will Graham and the killer.  Both give creepy a human  edge as they play cat and mouse with each other.  And fans of Joan Allen --  her portrayal of the blind Reba is amazingly well done.  Sexy and stylish,  not too much gore, and very tight pacing.  I can't be more effusive about  this movie.
 This blows Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal out of the water in term of artistic expression in the cinematic medium.  Tom Noonan is fantastic and the climax is among the best ever produced. BUY THIS IF YOU SEE IT, CHRIST!
 If you want to know and remember Anthony Hopkins in the role - which was great - then this is not the kind of film for you. However, if you are more entertained by a SUPERIOR plot and BETTER ACTING, then this is for you. The Silence of the Lambs cannot hold a candle to this movie. Petersen is INTENSE as the psycho stalker, Brian Cox EXCEPTIONAL as Hannibal Lector, Noonan EXCELLENT and (no one'e even mentioned) Joan Allen as the blind victim.... SUPERB.  This movie had WAY MORE CLASS than Silence, and of course looking at the lovely Kim Greist never hurts. The soundtrack was excellent as well. Entirely excellent. Will have to get it on DVD someday.
 Manhunter is a pure energetic roller-coaster of great emotion. William Petersen, Kim Greist, Tom Noonan, Dennis Farina and Brian Cox all play excellent roles. Much of Cox's performance is made up of heart-stopping dialogue and amazing wit. The detail in this film is apart of what makes it so interesting and appealing, but that's not nearly quite the overall charm of this movie. The soundtrack goes along with the images superbly. And the images are very-well photographed. Overall an amazing movie to watch.
 Manhunter is absolutely amazing. Despite the fact that it is fifteen years old, it is just as good as the day it came out. William Peterson is great, and if you like Silence of the Lambs, you should see this. The filming, colors and lighting are wonderful - it will remind you of The Insider. This movie is scary as hell also, and it will keep you on the edge of your seat...
 This is a fucking TERRIFIC thriller from Michael Mann!! Many comparisons have been made between this and Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, and I would have to say that it's better than both of them!! The only thing that slightly detracts from the film is the slightly disappointing transfer. It is very soft with some gran, shimmer and some MPEG artefacts, including Macro Blocks, among others. The audio is a bit low but overall sounds good. The extras are particualy good as well. This is a good disc to own, despite the problems with the video and audio.
 For once i am in agreement with other reviewers... This adaptation of the book Red Dragon is a great deal closer to the mark to the work of harris then SOTL was. I liked the book alot better then SOTL and so too do I like the movie better. the acting was magnificant, the story line didnt stray to far from the book. over all a must. I own it for vhs, and AS soon as the DVD comes out I will own that too. if you like thrillers you wont be let down.
 Francis Dollarhyde has to be one of the more disturbing and chilling villains in modern day literature and cinema.  Abused and damaged as a child to a point where only a series of rudimentary, barely functioning social masks takes the place of a whole man, Dollarhyde hides the savage pathology of a serial killer who annihilates entire families to fuel his twisted desire and impossible longing.  Although "Manhunter is less true to Thomas Harris' book "Red Dragon, and the 2002 film version with the same name, I found it to be a vastly superior film.  Despite its retro `80's fashion and the distinctive pastels and sun-drenched look of Michael Mann's work during his Miami Vice television series days, you will find a film that cuts through the meat, slicing through the bone and exposing the marrow.  Tom Noonan's performance is one of the most haunting and pitiable on celluloid.  Noonan delivers the tortured, damaged and ultimately unsalvageable soul of Francis Dollarhyde in a way that even Harris' book didn't convey.  He is a howling soul in Hell--a grotesque who is driven by his delusions.  William Peterson is Will Graham, a  former FBI profiler, who retired after a near death encounter in apprehending the notorious and now incarcerated Hannibal Lector (played by a wonderfully sinister and reptilian Brian Cox).  When Graham's former handler, Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina), asks him to help him profile the murderer, Graham visits Lector in his jail cell, to recover the mind-set necessary to track the killer.  In doing so, Graham incurs Lector's wrath and his collusion with the very killer Graham is pursuing, bringing him far closer to the case than he anticipated.  Joan Allen absolutely shines as Reba McClane, the blind girl who has the misfortune to be attracted to Francis Dollarhyde and who unwittingly serves as Dollarhyde's last connection to his vanishing humanity.  Early on in their relationship, Dollarhyde takes Reba to a veterinarian who is set to cap a sedated tiger's tooth.  Watching Reba's facial expressions as she ran her hands along the tiger's fur and listened to the beating of its heart, with tears streaming down her face, was almost painful.  Dollarhyde watches her from a corner in the room and seems to experience something akin to an emotional release from her experience.  It is one of the strangest and most erotically charged scenes I've ever seen in a film.  When I first saw this film in its theatrical release, I remember thinking, "Thanks a lot, Michael Mann, you've totally ruined Iron Butterfly's Inna Gadda De Vida for me.  Now I'm never going to be able to hear this great song from my youth without feeling vaguely frightened.  Even so, the sound track for the film contains some of the most eerily beautiful music from `80's groups like Red 7, Prime Movers and Shriekback, which Mann has integrated flawlessly into the film.  "Manhunter might annoy some viewers who remember only too well the big hair and bad fashion of the 1980's.  However, if you can manage to put these aside, I think you will find an often overlooked and intense gem of a thriller.
 In his novel  Silence of the Lambs , author Thomas Harris revisted the character of Hannibal  The Cannibal  Lector, a  super-intelligent, super-sick serial killer locked up in a hospital for the  criminally insane.  Revisted, because Lector first appeared as a supporting  character in a previous novel called  Red Dragon,  which is the  source for Michael Mann's film,  Manhunter.  Before   Heat,  before  Last of the Mohicans,  Mann informed  film fans that he was a huge talent with  Manhunter.   This taut,  slick thriller tells the story of Will Graham, a burnt-out retired FBI  agent with a terrible gift.  Graham can empathize with murderers so clearly  that he can start to think like them, and eerily predict their next move.  The problem is, by the time he starts to think like them he has put his  sanity and soul in peril. If this sounds a little gimmicky, the  combination of Harris' story, Mann's direction, and William Petersen's  performance as Graham keep it real.  Graham is brought back by his former  boss to help the bureau with a pattern killer.  Unlike  Silence of the  Lambs,  which pushed the pursuit of Jame Gumb into the background,   Manhunter  is almost entirely about the pursuit of a serial  killer known as the Tooth Fairy. Mann's direction is nothing like  Jonathon Demme's; despite the presence of a few common characters (Lector,  FBI commander Jack Crawford, psychiatrist Dr. Chilton) the movies are  totally dissimilar in their  look and feel.   Yet Mann's film is  terrific.  Visually clearer and more brightly lit,  Manhunter   proceeds more as a straight-ahead crime drama than the psychological  thriller of  Silence of the Lambs.   Like  Silence of the  Lambs ,  Manhunter  is about two monsters, and as in second  film, Dr. Lector here is the FBI's key to finding a killer still at large.  Brian Cox portrays the bad doctor as more outspoken and confident.  It  isn't Hopkin's portrayal -- it's quite different -- but it's so effective  that, when I learned of the casting of Hopkins, I felt disappointment.  Cox, I thought, was the obvious choice.  (Live and learn). As good as Cox  is, perhaps the biggest draw of  Manhunter  is the hypnotic  performance by Tom Noonan as Francis Dolarhyde.  Noonan is touching, tragic  and terrifiying as the man driven to murder entire families.   Noteworthy  too is a piece of music
 This movie is about a million times better than the recent remake "Red Dragon. The real conflict of the film is Will's (William Petersen)tenuous grasp on his sanity as he tracks a killer who is about to strike while dealing with a killer who he has already caught. While Brian Cox's Lecktor will draw comparisons to Anthony Hopkin's version in subsequent movies, Cox plays the psychopath as a real threat -- a murderer who will kill. Hopkins is brilliant as well, but I always felt that his Lector was like an animal who would strike only of thouroughly provoked. We see Cox and Petersen as equals on different sides of the fence, with little separating them other than Petersen's Graham's knowledge of right and wrong. This thriller is one of the best.
 See this movie before  Red Dragon  is realeased in October, 2002.  Many say that  Manhunter  is better than  Silence of the Lambs .  It is not fair to compare the two films.  Both are classics.  But what makes  Manhunter  extremely compelling is the thrill-by-thrill crime-solving phases of the film.  The DVD version is awesome.  The THX sound goes right to your soul.  The storyline follows a Hitchcock pattern...and the music is nostalgic and riveting.  Five stars...nothing less.  The performance by Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecter is spine-tingling.  You wish he had more screen time when the flick is over.  The psychotic killer, portrayed by Tom Noonan, is worth all 6-foot-7 of him.  The manhunter, played by William Petersen, is brilliant and convinceable.  I shy from giving away plots, but potential viewers need to know that this film was the prelude to Silence of the Lambs.  The manhunter in this film is the FBI agent that caught Hannibal Lecter...now he desperately needs him to solve a haunting crime that has possessed his life...his psychie. This movie is based on the book  Red Dragon , which is the basis of the film coming out in October, 2002.  It will be a remake of this 1986 classic (16 years later).   If you loved  Silence of the Lambs , you can't miss  Manhunter .  And for those of you who grew up in the Sixties, if you watch this flick, you'll never listen to the classic psychedelic rock song  In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida  with the same set of ears or senses.  The tune, recorded by Iron Butterfly, is the highlight of the closing sequence. Fasten your seat belts, grab your main squeeze, turn off the lights............ENJOY!
  MANHUNTER  is a 5 star film that has yet to receive the treatment it deserves. Technically speaking, this new DVD gets 3 stars, which is a big step up from the 1 star treatment it got in 2002. I'll dispense with the superlatives about Michael Mann's screenplay and direction and the performances of William Peterson, Tom Noonan and Brian Cox and concentrate on the merits of this new DVD edition. I became familiar with this film from a taped broadcast from The Movie Channel back in 1987 which Mann also reworked from the original theatrical release by adding the same footage included in this new edition. The only difference is the deletion of a scene in which Graham has a brief interview with the director of the institution in which Dr.Lecktor is imprisoned. In that scene, Graham becomes irritated when asked about his ability to get inside of Lecktor's fantasies. It's not an important scene, but it does help convey Graham's discomfort with the talent that makes him such an asset to the FBI. The scenes which Mann added both to that TMC release and this new edition are welcome improvements.   There is a notice at the beginning of this edition advising that some of the footage is of less than optimum quality due to some inferior source material for scenes that were not included in the theatrical version.  That's an understatement. The image quality through 95% of this film is very good. However, several shots are of VHS quality and a few look like they were shot through cheesecloth. In the director's commentary, Mann explains this dissapointing result. But it's by far the best version available. Especially since the 2 versions released by Anchor Bay in 2002(the same distributor responsible for this new edition)are so awful.   How many fans of this film noticed that the theatrical version released in 2002, which claimed to be widescreen, was not? I thought something looked strange, so I compared it to the tape I'd made from TMC 15 yrs. prior, which was of course in standard full screen (1.33
 Viewed
 I agree with JJ Justice's review, "Manhunter is great and the "Red Dragon remake was a travesty. It truly was a slap in the face to the great early work of William Petersen and director Michael Mann.  I still ask, why oh why did William Petersen not become a humongous star in Hollywood? He had the movie star looks, the charisma, and he's a darn fine actor on top of it all. He's BELIEVEABLE. He put his heart and soul so much into the role in "Manhunter that it literally drained him physically and emotionally. Brian Cox was also superb, and in my opinion he was better in many aspects than Anthony Hopkins ever was.  If you want to look more into the work of William Petersen, I highly encourage you to check out "To Live and Die in L.A. If you don't believe in his star quality, you will after you see that movie. What a shame he never truly rose to the top.
 Manhunter is based on Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon.  That is the book that first introduced Hannibal Lecter to the world.  Unlike Silence Of The Lambs, the real star of the movie is not Dr. Lecter, but Will Graham, a retired FBI agent brought back in by the department to hunt a serial killer dubbed the Tooth Fairy.  William Peterson plays Graham with the perfect amount of torment and intensity.  In order to find the killer, who preys on families, Graham must try to inhabit the killer's skin.  Mr. Peterson's performance is quiet and brooding (he does a great job of conveying many emotions through facial expressions) and is the finest of his career. Brian Cox brings the doctor to the screen and though Anthony Hopkins would win an Oscar five years later and create one of the most indelible screen figures from the same character, Mr. Cox does an effective job in the role.  He is a minor character in both the book and movie, but Mr. Cox makes the most of screen time by chillingly bringing a quiet madness to the character.  Michael Mann does a fine job of directing the film.  He was also doing Miami Vice at the time and Manhunter takes on the color and stylings of a Miami Vice episode. The closing scene, set to  In A Gadda-Da-Vida , which finds the killer and Graham finally clashing is tense and thrilling.  Manhunter is a first-rate thriller.
 Everything stems from this one movie."Silence of the lambs"."C.S.I". Know it! Give William Peterson the recognition he never received and in my opinion there is'nt anything anyone can do to make up for a great injustice. Remake of "Red Dragon which i thought was the biggest slap in the face to William Peterson, repeating every line word for word, give me break. Manhunter should have been re-released in theatres and i dont care if it made less money than "Red Dragon". Check out "To live and die in L.A. "Heat and (old favorite "Day the Earth Stood Still a movie which is still way ahead of its time.) if you havnt seen them yet. I have to ad i think Anthony Hopkins stands as one of the best actors out there........But William Peterson did a great job. One of my favorite movies of all time. I guess i have to add "Silence of the Lambs  and remaking Red Dragon may have made William Peterson.(More people learned about "Manhunter") But i loved "Manhunter before Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon ever were released.....
 This review goes to all of you out there who seem to want to compair Silience of the lambs and Manhunter, well I don't want to burst your bubble but you can't. now probably saying  but A.J. why can't I, I mean there from the same series and have some of the same characters.  well dingis the reason you can't is that these are two complitly different types of movies, no where the same genre. Silience is a horror movie. while Manhunter is a cop thriller. it's that simple.   Now that we have that out of the way we can get down to business. Manhunter follows the story of Will Graham, a retiered fbi agent, who is coxed out of ritirement by his old boss Jack Crawford. the reason Jack wants Will to come out of ritirement is to help him find the Tooth Fairy, a psycopath that has already murdered two families. Jack wants Will specifically because Will caught Hannibal lecter, a name I don't need to explain. To find the crimanal Will must get help from Hannibal. what follows is one of the greatest games of cat and mouse ever put on screen.   There are a few things that need to be pointed out firstly this movie was made in the eighties so expect some diffirent clothing (love those short shorts!) and some great music, seccondily this movie was mad four years before Silience, so remember silience butured the characters (or saved them) from Manhunter not the other way around. secondily Hannibal lecter is not played by Anthony Hopkins but by Brian Cox, although I do like Hopkins portrail, Brian cox plays the character with more realism. and thirdly this is an absoulutly amazing film, although most of todays big summer blockbuster movie going public will probably get lost some where in the dialog and without a car crash every few minutes, this is a gem of a flick. with amazing performances by every one in the cast. they make the characters seem gritty and real. all in all go out and see this movie. and yes I have read the book red dragon, it is in fact my favorite book, and I still love the movie
 Michael Mann (Miami Vice director and a perfection in the Hitchcock school of doing some of the camera work yourself) shows the visions from the same source material can be so different.  Manhunter is from the Thomas Harris Book 'Red Dragon' the prequel, if you will, to the Silence of the Lambs, also by Harris.  It is so interesting to view both films together and see the contrasts.  Manhunter has a male, William Petersen, as FBI's fey tracker, while Lamb's focus is female through Jody Foster.  Lambs is so dark, brooding and dank, you think of bad 1950's mad scientist movies, while Manhunter is blinding awash in light.  Compare the cells of the different version of Lector.  Hopkins is house in a madhouse basement, where shadows are deep and bogeymen lurk just out of sight...Brian Cox's lector is in a pure white cell, white pants and TV shirt, so clean and sterile it evokes the slightly nauseating sense of antiseptic hospitals.  Hopkins' keeper is the kindly blackman, Benny; Cox's 'step back or I'll mace you in the face' redneck. The polarisation of these films is nearly endless, and yet both are so on target in achieving their aim. Which do I prefer?  Hard to say, but I think in repeated watching that Manhunter edges out Lambs.  Mann 'paints' his movie in imagery that is so evocative, so compelling, but in a less is more manner that cause many to put him down as all style but no substance.  I have never bought that.  Anyone can watch "Evan episode of Miami Vice or "Out Where the Buses Don't Run and see there are so many layers to a Mann production - but it is for YOU to find the many textures and nuances.  If you don't, it's your loss. Manhunter just get better and better with age, and is a sheer treat on DVD.
 Having seen only three Michael Mann works before, I was pleasantly surprised when my ignorance was shed and I learned about this movie.  It is very much like Heat, The Insider, and Miami Vice.  The movie doesn't bore you with gratuitous murder scenes or delve into the killer's methods.  Rather, it lets you know more about the killer himself.  Some of this is conveyed by the scenes with the killer, but I think you learn just as much about the mind of Dollarhyde from Peterson. What happened to the note from the Tooth Fairy to Lecktor regarding Peterson's family?  I am probably forgetting something there...The cinematography and screenplay in this movie are excellent.  As usual, Mann throws in a brief yet explosive dialogue between two of the main characters.  The frustrated and pure exchange between Farina and Peterson late in the movie is compelling.  The scene when Peterson is used as bait for the killer is astounding.  Too tense.  Must be seen.  I could have used a more meaningful ending sequence, but in light of the film-making constraints discussed in the interviews on the dvd, it is good.  I am glad I purchased this film.
 What can I possibly add that 300 + reviews haven't already stated. I know after watching Red Dragon (the Brett Ratner version) I wanted to write Michael Mann a personal letter (definitely not my style!!!) thanking him for the beautiful movie he made in 1986 called Manhunter.  It has always been one of my favourite, must have movies, and after seeing Red Dragon, I now knew why. For those who Silence of the Lambs/Hannibal/Red Dragon were first introductions to these characters, I wish they had only been acquainted with 'Manhunter' first, but generational and promotional gaps can't be helped. Mann's film was low budget, but he presented one of the most influential crime films of its time. The style and atmosphere were an inspiration to many a movie and television drama after it, despite its lack of monetary backing.  I rewatched Manhunter after Red Dragon, and even noticed that Jodie Foster played her character in Silence of The Lambs much like Petersen did, even down to facial twitches when speaking to Hannibal. There's something about the Frankenstein Dungeon atmosphere of the 90's adaptions of Hannibal that has always for me 'telegraphed' the menace of the cannibal psychologist, but I always felt that Anthony Hopkins was brilliant as Hannibal just by the sheer menace that boiled underneath him. Great actor, and I personally feel he saves all 3 films from a slight mediocrity when held in comparison to Mann's Manhunter. Hannibal in an all- white prison cell (as in Manhunter) somehow allows the actor to ''create'' that menace in a blank space. The big difference in Hannibal's (Cox &amp; Hopkins) is the speed in which they deliver their insanity. Hopkins is very slow and menacing, manipulative and calculating in speech, Brian Cox quick and sure-footed, adapting quickly to each situation and response as it arrives. I feel both are suited for that character. But there was something about Cox's way of getting Will Graham's home phone number in Manhunter that I found more believeable and chilling at how easy it was gotten. Hopkins is a wonderful actor, and I can only imagine what Mann could have done if given the liberty to work with him, but Cox is certainly admirable and credible in the role as well. Understated is the word. Hopkins LOOKS crazy. I'm not so sure I would go to him for psychological advice. Cox is much more approachable, and thats where the danger is. There is so much in Mann's Manhunter that stylistically, atmospherically and artistically dwarfs the later adaptions, even though it was low budget, that I cannot even begin to describe how well this movie worked on so many levels. The main one being, the characters are so much more defined. Details from the book are somewhat left out, but what is brought in its stead is 'mood'. Dennis Farina carries the protective air over Petersen's Graham to much greater effect. The feeling is that Farina's Crawford is just as in danger of falling over the psychological 'edge' as Petersen's Graham, but he serves as a foothold for the character should they start falling. You start caring about these characters and their dependency on eachother in mad circumstances, Lecktor/Graham/Crawford and The Red Dragon/Tooth Fairy Dolarhyde. The relationships are shown and explored through camerawork and very understated acting. Everything is very low key. Until the menace begins to grow.  Brilliant film. Too bad Mann was not asked to direct Red Dragon. THAT would have been justice!
 The version with Will Graham and flashlight, identified as "Manhunter (1986) is the preferred version of this film for picture quality, and the edit, and is the one to buy if you want this movie on DVD.  It has some nice bonus features, especially interviews with the cast.  The "Director's Restored Edition or "Divimax Restored Edition I only recommend to fans already quite familiar with the standard edition described above.  It is very interesting to see the director's cut, but bear in mind that the elements that are newly inserted are not from the same film stock and are significantly degraded in picture and sound.  The overall sound mix of the director's cut is also not nearly as good as the standard version.  The Divimax version is great, however, for Michael Mann's commentary track, which is NOT on the standard Manhunter (1986) DVD.  The Divimax version does not contain the cast interviews.  As to the film itself, look, here's the bottom line for those who dismiss Manhunter in their reviews as boring or lame or whatever, in comparison to the Anthony Hopkins films
 Michael Mann uses sure genious in bringing Thomas Harris' Red Dragon to the screen.  While the subject matter of a serial killer is dark and ominous, he uses bright stylistic lighting to underscore the duality that exists in the mind of a dark psychopath.  His depiction of Lecktor as an everyday guy (in attitude and appearance) is what empowers any psycopath
 Plot
 I first saw "Manhunter back in 1986 as the tail-end of a double-bill with a Rodney Dangerfield vehicle, "Back to School"(?).  Now I was not favorably inclined to see this film because I was not a big fan of Michael Mann's "Miami Vice", which was all the rage on TV at that time.  What I found was an engrossing FBI procedural that entertained me at the time but I backburnered it until "The Silence of the Lambs came out.  I revisited the film on cable and with repeated viewings over the years have grown to appreciate this film more than "Silence of the Lambs".  Mann has masterfully directed the complexities of this story of a serial killer case that crosses state borders.  There is terrific ambience, particularly in the scenes shot at night.  The climax of the film where agent Will Graham(William L. Petersen) confronts the serial killer, Francis Dollarhyde(Tom Noonan) while the organ solo from Iron Butterfly's "In-A-Gada-Da-Vida plays in the background is classic.  Enough cannot be said about the cast that Mann has assembled here.  William L.Peterson portrays Graham as a man who is clinging to his sanity while trying to feign cool detachment as he investigates this gruesome case.  Tom Noonan effectively assays the pathos of Dollarhyde but also shows us the monster in the man.  Stephen Lang does a good supporting turn as sleazy reporter Freddy Lounds.  Joan Allen demonstrates the toughness and vulnerability of the blind woman, Reba, whom Dollarhyde falls in love with.  Inevitably we have to compare the performances of Brian Cox and Anthony Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter.  All I have to say is these two superb actors deliver different interpretations of the character and both are equally fine.  Cox chose a more detached reading of Lecter and for this film that was the correct call.  Also good are Dennis Farina as Crawford, Graham's FBI superior, and Kim Griest as Molly, Graham's wife.  "Manhunter at the time of release was a box office dud but fortunately for us it has grown in stature with the passage of time.
 I've never read it but I think that this 1986 adaptation of the novel "Red Dragon is a remarkably powerful, and dark crime thriller that has a unique edge that has a style that sets it apart from many other crime thrillers of its genre. Light years better than it's `replacement' "Red Dragon", "Manhunter has a remarkable performance by the entire cast involved. Starring the immensely talented and skilled actor William L. Peterson, "Manhunter is a great and outstanding thriller.   Will Graham (Peterson) is a retired forensic scientist who left his job after a confrontation with notorious mass murderer Hannibal Lector. Graham has had a troubled past but comes out of retirement to track down an unknown serial killer who randomly targets his victims and is known as the "Tooth Fairy". Graham may surprisingly find some answers from his arch nemesis Lector who's in prison but may hold some pieces of the puzzle in figuring out where "The Tooth Fairy may strike next. Graham has the ability to be able to study the minds of murders, albeit at a great cost with enormous mental stress at doing so but he's willing to do whatever it takes to hunt and nail "The Tooth Fairy before he strikes again. Meanwhile a blind woman unaware of it, falls in love with a man named Francis Dolarhyde.   The cast of this movie is great, much better than that of it's 2002 counterpart "Red Dragon". While Ralph Fiennes is a wonderful "villain actor, he doesn't hold a candle to the towering Fred Noonan as the psychologically twisted antagonist Francis Dolarhyde. The mood of this movis has a strange greatness to it, something that I feel was missing from "Red Dragon". The background music was also great ranging from disturbing ambient background music to heavy metal like the epic Iron Butterfly track "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida". There is an uncertain sense of gloom, foreboding, and doom throughout the movie but in a way that it's not excessively depressing or grim but just right.   While the popularity of its brilliant sequel "Silence of The Lambs has unfortunately overshadowed this, "Manhunter is a great and awesome movie with a unique style that makes it stand out amongst it's peers. There are disturbingly graphic scenes but for those who love crime thrillers or murder mysterious, this is a movie that should be checked out. While not necessarily viewing it as bad or even mediocre, it actually is good to me anyway, when it comes to this and it's remake "Red Dragon", if I had a choice between the two, I'd easily take "Manhunter any day. Highly recommended.
 Don't miss this original, the first of the Hannibal Lechtor series. The score, the filmography, (Lighting), is still so vividly used in the best of today's suspence/thrill sequences. Will Graham, (William Peterson), is the "Manhunter hunting down "Frances Dolarhyde", and also the man responsible for imprisoning Dr Lechtor, at great phsycial, and emotional harm to himself. Don't be fooled by Dino's latest grab at a buck, the rediculous "Red Dragon". (Which is odd, since Dino owns "Manhunter as well..) So, Red Dragon is only a remake of this great film. It's ultimately embaressing to watch Lechtor and Chilton's charachter's re-acted, only "made up to look 20 some years younger! (Red Dragon). This is the Real McCoy, and Brian Cox, IMHO, should have stayed Hannibal Lechtor. If you want another good performance by Anthony Hopkins, see "Meet Joe Black". BTW, as far as I can tell, Barney's character, (Frankie Faison), is the only actor to play in all "Four movies of the Trilogy".. If you want the original psychological thriller in this series, you found it..  Let me say this clearly
 There hasn't been one Michael Mann movie that I haven't liked.  They all are always top notch, with good acting.  This movie is no different.  This limited edition set is hard to come by anymore, but might be worth it just for the extras.  The director's cut isn't much different from the original, I didn't even really notic a difference.  The original is remastered and boy does it look better!  If you want to see the difference in picture, just pop in the director's cut, which for some reason doesn't seem to have been touched at all.  This is one of the few movies by the way, in which I was actually happy and tense at the end when the good guy (William Peterson) confronts the bad guy.  This movie had me hooked the whole way though and I have to say I liked it more than the newer adaptation (cough......remake.......cough cough).  I actually like Brian Cox as hannibal lecter more than Anthony Hopkins, although it is a tough one for me to call.  The collector's booklet is really cool and a nice touch.  If you can pick this version up, I really recommend it, although any version should do.  This is one of the movies that really should be seen to see how movies can really make you get involved in the story!
 About the only thing wrong with this picture is the title.  Adapted from Thomas Harris' novel "Red Dragon", a decision was made to change the title.  Probably thinking most American film goers would think it's a Kung Fu movie or something.  Probably right.  This is also before the more acclaimed sequel "The Silence of the Lambs by the same author.  It is another great film by Michael Mann oozing with both style and substance.  The style may bother some people.  It is shot with various unnatural hues including violet, blue and green.  While they are perhaps not realistic they always seem to fit the scene.  Mann and his photographer place cameras in interesting places.  Take for example the Hannibal Lector's (Brian Cox) stark white cell.  We see both Lector and Will Graham (William Petersen) centered between the same 2 bars, with quick cuts back and forth.  Another camera hovers above the room.  This movie isn't really about Dr. Lector however.  It is about a serial killer known as The Tooth Fairy (Thomas Noonan - really creepy).  As Petersen struggles with his own sanity he homes in on the killer using his ability to get inside the killer's head.  He stole this theme for his "Miami Vice TV series about this same time.  Another great tactic Mann is known for is the use of music.  Here we get an original score by The Reds and Michel Rubini, not to mention the unbelievably cool climatic scene featuring Iron Butterfly's In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida.
 One of the most indelible images in thriller history is the moment we first see Hannibal Lector in the brilliant and mesmerizing Silence of the Lambs. Yet for me, one of the scariest images in film history is the opening shot in Manhunter, where a woman awakens to a flashlight being shined on her by the Tooth Fairy killer. Later remade into the woeful Red Dragon, this movie proves that yes, Edward Norton maybe a better actor than William Petersen, but he certainly isn't a better Will Graham! Michael Mann is a unique artist whose stylish matter of fact approach creates not only the best in the Lector saga, but the best in the serial killer genre, which includes doozies like the aforementioned Silence as well as Physco and Se7en. Classics all, but Mann does something different. He creates an atmosphere that invades some part of your physce and stays in there forever.
 Manhunter is the movie in which I fell in love with the story of Hannibal Lecter, and the direction style of Michael Mann. This movie is so much better than the recent Red Dragon movie. The use of music, lighting, the direction, the actors performances, virtually everything is better here than in the very inferior Red Dragon. I still am surprised that William Peterson did not become more of a star after his performance here and in To Live and Die in LA.  You owe it to yourself to witness the amazing performances in this film.  You wouldn't think it from reading the cast list, but the lesser-known stars of Manhunter actually did a much better job than the high-end names in Red Dragon.  William Peterson, way better than Edward Norton.  Tom Noonan, way better than Ralph Fiennes.  Joan Allen, way better than Emily Watson.  Dennis Farina, way better than Harvey Keitel.  And yes, Brian Cox did a more sinister job of Hannibal that Anthony Hopkins.  Michael Mann, way better than whatever hack directed Red Dragon.  
 I don't know if it is THE best thriller, but it's easily Top Ten--up there with  Wait Until Dark  and  Marathon Man.  And, sadly, it's one of the most underrated thrillers ever made. When I saw it in a theater in '86, some bozo a couple rows down stood up as the end credits rolled and said,  Dat was no movie, dat was a video.   Manhunter  director Michael Mann WAS  the guy who did 'Miami Vice' --the show that was born (supposedly) when an NBC exec scribbled 2 words
 This first adaptation of a Thomas Harris novel is by far the best, yes, superior even to "The Silence of the Lambs".  Most of the actors were unfamiliar to audiences at the time, which just enhances the entire experience, giving the film an immediacy and lack of predictability that one misses when Big Stars are onscreen.  There will be only one Hannibal Lecter, imho, and it is the exquisitely bland Brian Cox, not Anthony Hopkins (not a dis, Sir Tony, you're great and all, but hoooo wheeeee, Brian!).  I dare you to hear Iron Butterfly's "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida without shuddering.  A classic horror film with subtle nuances that will flash in your subliminal mind at the most inconvenient times.  Do not watch alone, at home, at night, as I did once.  The giant German Shepherd slumbering at my feet did nothing to reassure me....
 This is the first and by far the best of the films with Hannibal.  The relationship between Clarise Starling is nothing compared to the tension between Lector and Grahm (the one who caught him).  The direction is great, very 80's but in a good way.  It's very much a Michael Mann film and that's a good thing.  If you ask anyone who has seen this film or read Red Dragon, they will tell you it's far better than Silience of the Lambs and Hannibal.
 I did not think this was ever going to come out after three itterations that were chop shopped up by Anchor Bay.  I am a huge fan of this movie and was still holding on to my VHS copies as the DVD releases that previously came out were......not good.  Why they cut certain scenes and poorly edited dialogue, while adding previously unseen "cut scenes that added nothing to the orginal threatical release is beyond me.  THIS is the movie that I have long since beleived to be one of THE finest made crime drama movies ever made.  The ORIGINAL Hannibal "Lecktor".  The orginal Will Graham.  The Original Tooth Fairy and Dennis Farina and Joan Allen and Micheal Mann Directing, too boot.  If you own the DVD already, BUY this anyways.  There will be NO dissappointment.  I guarantee it.  Hawk  Addendum
 I think this is a far more superior movie than the remake "The Red Dragon Mr. Cox's portrayal of Hannibal Lector is more believable than that of Mr Hopkins'. Mr Cox portrays Lector as someone coldly intellectual, almost inhuman.  Remakes with their overdone murderers can get quite boring. I loved the Michael Mann music and William Peterson was perfect. This is a must see... Watch both in the same day and you will agree.
 MANHUNTER (1986) is one of Michael Mann's best films, which is saying a lot. Unique, stylish, provocative, sly, shocking, and superbly acted, this is the best film which contains the character of Hannibal Lecktor (as it is spelled in this film). It boasts three Oscar caliber performances (William Petersen, Tom Noonan, Brian Cox). Petersen is brilliant as retired FBI profiler Will Graham, brought out of retirement by his former boss Jack Crawford (well played by Dennis Farina) to capture a serial killer that goes by the moniker "Tooth Fairy targeting families. Graham has the uncanny ability of getting inside the mind of his prey.  Tom Noonan plays the "Tooth Fairy (real name Francis Dollarhyde) and this is one of the best portrayals of a sociopath ever put to film. Crawford visits imprisoned serial killer Lecktor (played with empty cold-bloodedness by Brian Cox) with hopes of gathering information that will help capture Dollarhyde.  MANHUNTER is as much a police procedural as it is a suspense thriller. There are many nifty details on the research and work that goes into actually catching a killer and bringing him to justice. Mann created the popular 80s TV show "Miami Vice and you can see a lot the stylish look of that show in MANHUNTER, but MANHUNTER is 1000 times deeper than the deepest story you can come up with from that show! The excellent supporting cast includes Kim Greist (as Graham's wife), Stephen Lang (as sleazy tabloid reporter Freddie Lounds), and Joan Allen (alluring and sensual as Reba, a blind associate of Dollarhyde's and the object of his desire).  I recommend the 1-disc edition of the dvd, which has great quality considering the difficulty in obtaining a good one of this film for years. Probably the best you can do for now until some major re-mastering is done. This film deserves it!
 This film kinda took me by surprise as being one of those films of which I remember most of the lines of the antagonists. Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecter I think was more menancing than Anthony Hopkins portrayal. The incorporation of rock music (easy rock to heavy metal)places this movie as a definite eighties classic. Not gory or flashy with special effects, this film plays more on psychological themes...well obviously. There's no glorification of the killer or too much philosophizes on why the killer "the tooth fairy kills. It's a simple yet complex film, that's a lot better than it is generally credited as being.
 I was a huge fan of Manhunter when it was released in the early 80's but never liked the home video releases. The transfers never did it justice. This new disc finally restores the film to its glory. First off, the new digital transfer supervised by Michael Mann is awesome, crisp and saturated with color, whisking me back to 1986. There are flaws, however. Certain added scenes are not as crisp, making a jarring transition in the middle of the action. One exchange between Graham and Lector is like this, as is Will's visit to the family at the end. Mann explains (in his quirky commentary) that DEG went bankrupt in the late 80s and that the original footage for some of the lost scenes was never recovered. So c'est la vie. One other note
 This film has a brain behind it unlike (The Silence of the Lambs). Buy it you will not be disappointed.A Low budget film but solid all the way...Be witness to the birth of good and evil in man as the two main characters (the red dragon and Will Graham)build to a stunning conclusion! What Silence of the lambs should have been rather than the stumble-bum conclusion it had.
 Four different arists converge simutaneously in that artistic work. The hidden sequel of the racism who affectes the internal life of a man of jew ascencendence who simply refuses to accept his black ascendence. He will lead this lie until his final days. And that's by itself a big problem. In the other hand the term spooky will mean for him a true whirlwind when he makes a simple ironic joke in the middle of a Literature Cathedra Magister Class. Third, the presence of a homeless girl who refuses to be the secret lover of his abusing father after her mother gets the divorce. And finally the troubled mind of a Vietnam veteran who has serious internal wounds. Four traumas that will intersect giving by result and admirable, mature and terrific reflection about the human nature and how Einstein had all the reason when he stated it was much easier to destroy an atom instead a prejuice. Fine acting and splendid photograph.
 Another overwhelming performance by one of the great ones. It must be a real challenge to work with Mr. Hopkins without developing an inferiority complex. He just takes over everything with such a force.  Thad said, every actor performs brilliantly. No weaknesses detected.  So, I liked the film, it was inspiring, enlightening, awesome.  The thing I did not like? To see useless cigarette smoking in the movie. This type of thing should be criticized over and over. Mr. Hopkins does not smoke, but the two female leads do so. It does not fit. It's instrusive and superflous and serves only as unnecessary advertisement for the tobacco cartel which should be banned from this planet.
 This is a film that is a masterpiece not only for what it says but in the way it says it.  We have a man who looks white but is black, pretends to be a Jew, and lives a life of deception. We have a woman with a background that gives her every advantage but she is destroyed because she was molested as a child due to her ravishing beauty.  At the very moment when these two finally find peace in each other's arms they are wiped out by the insanity of evil.  Coleman's story unfolds in a series of perplexing flashbacks that leaves the viewer confounded until we finally discover that Coleman Silk and the black boxer are one and the same.  Faunia's story is equally confusing. It is unreasonable that this utterly gorgeous young woman is so casually willing to give herself sexually to a rejected Viagra dependant old man. Why is she merely scraping out a living for herself sweeping floors and feeding cattle when you sense that she has so much more to offer?  What horror has brought her to this state of despair?  As her story unfolds in her final soliloquy with a caged crow  we find that she is so haunted by the blame she feels for the accidental death of her children, while she was distracted with a lover, that she is suicidal, emotionally detached, and devastated.  Into this mix vengeance pursues Faunia in the form of her ex-husband, a tortured Viet Nam vet for whom killing has become a casual exercise. Lester Farley is a clever mixture of blind fate and conscious hate that only the writer, Zuckerman, ultimately understands and reveals to the world.  What makes this film so artfully intriguing is the way the story unfolds in its seemingly chaotic fashion reflecting the chaos of the human condition the film is describing, and it is a story that is hard to take because it rings so heartbreakingly true.  The acting by the principals, Hopkins, Kidman, Sinise, Harris,and Miller is utterly outstanding in every way, and the film deserves repeated viewings from that standpoint alone.  As for the story itself, it takes a couple of viewings with patience and reflection to fully appreciate its authentic depths. Finally, in an ironic way, one might take comfort from Coleman's and Faunia's deaths that the moment at which they died was the moment at which they had reached fulfillment with each other.
 From the other source, this film had a relatively low review, but I think it is a good film.  What this film makes great is the great story. I have not read the book, but I am sure it is as good as this film or even better.  The story itself is very sad but written so beautifully that its beauty can over-ride the sadness. The past scenes and present ones appear quite often in the way that reveal and unwind the secret. It is a drama, but I think this is more than that. It is a literature -  a work of art... I am talking about the story now.  I am happy with the music and photography of the film. Also I find the acting great. The voice of Coleman's young lover sounded like it was always directly from a microphone, and I like the effect because it suites the way she speaks and also describes how this lady's existance sinks into Coleman's mind as though she was a nutrition he was missing so long.  The story is a miserable one, but which great literature does not contain a misery anyway?
 Yes, Phillip Roth's gaudily angry masterwork of a novel has its own particular power, but despite the naysayers, the film adaptation of THE HUMAN STAIN is successful on every level.  It retains all of the harsh social commentary so biting in Roth's written words and yet fleshes out the characters in a way that makes the story of an aging small college Dean/teacher's fall from his pedestal of a life all the more credible.  Some of the minor characters from the book are gone, true, and the faculty of his college doesn't feel as visually present, but the story's strange impact is very much intact. Coleman Silk (in a stunningly multi-layered performance by Anthony Hopkins) was born a mulatto African American and decided in highschool (his younger self portrayed with sensitivity by Wentworth Miller), while being a champion boxer in order to gain college scholarships, that passing as Caucasian would provide entry into a better life, one not stained by the color of his skin and not confined to subservient roles like those forced on his educated father.  He succeeds in passing as white with a few exceptions
 The Human Stain starring Anthony Hopkins is full of raw emotion, shame, and the power to forgive are the themes explored in this provactive film. Nicole Kidman has an affair with Hopkins, she plays a janitor who has a secret past and he has been carrying a secret of his own for pratically is whole adult life. They learn to trust each other and the although ending is a bit of a let down, I would say The Human Stain will keep you interested in unlocking the shameful secrets of these two shattered individuals. A film not to be missed, happy viewing!
 Just when you think the critics are starting to get it right, they get it wrong again.  That's what happened to this film.  People stayed away in droves from this well done and thoughtful film by a director with a subtle touch that escapes most of our video age movie going public.  Anthony Hopkins, Gary Sinise, and Nicole Kidman give real performances that will challenge and hopefully enrage some of you into seeing the dangers of social convention and why we let bad things happen.  This is a movie for people who ask questions, not just for those who feel they have all the answers.
 Ooooo! THE HUMAN STAIN offers the potential for so many Oscar nominations
 Wow - and Mystic River got Oscar nominations and this got mediocre reviews ?!?  Mystic River was barely mediocre compared to this film.  What wonderful acting, from both acclaimed and underrated actors and actresses.  Just try finding a bad performance in this film - I challenge you.  Both the soryline and script were outstanding and the acting was superb. Try finding a weak performance in this film.
 Everyone who has seen the film LAWRENCE OF ARABIA remembers how it opens with the death of T. E. Lawrence (Peter O'Toole)
 This movie is at least as much about the past as it is about the present; the past receives virtually equal screen time through flashbacks. Certain reviewers have complained that it is 'pompous', I suppose because it takes place in a college environment, or that both Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are miscast. It concerns a classics professor, age 71, African American though nearly white in appearance, who is falsely accused of racism and quits in protest; this event kills his wife; he soon becomes involved with a distinctly intellectually inferior woman whom, through sex and other forms of communication, he soon comes to consider his soul mate, despite opposition both from his lawyer and from her boorish former husband. It is in fact a good match, between an intelligent man who is somewhat over the hill physically and a vital young woman whose former husband and 2 dead children would make anyone cry. Ed Harris is superbly evil as her insanely jealous ex-husband who knows she is having sex with another man. Faunia is a somewhat pitiable character, not too bright, who works as a cleaning woman. There is also a writer who is hired to write Coleman's biography. Faunia's chain smoking, which is sometimes gratuitous in Hollywood movies, in this case is effective in defining her character.   At least half the movie concerns Coleman's young manhood, during which time he rejected his African American family and set out to live life as white, and Jewish. These flashbacks show him as a successful undefeated boxer in his youth and also reveal an affair he had with a college student of Scandinavian descent.   In the present he still considers himself white and cannot bring himself to reveal his past, although it might have saved his job. The lovers die in a car accident, which provides the forum for more reminiscences on Coleman's life. I thought this was a fine film and deserved a strong 4 stars.
 During the first 30 minutes or so I was enjoying the film but not sure how they got so many fine actors to sign on to the piece. As the plot progressed, though, I was further drawn into the movie. Hopkins does a tremendous job in his role and proves his prowess as an actor yet again. The directing and editing are teriffic and the film as a whole interprets you more than you are able to interpret it. Highly recommended!
 This movie does a good job of showing the dangers of ignorance & racism. This movie exposes how much havoc such narrow minded folk can cause.  For this reason alone, I recommend this movie.  I also recommend it because it's a good story and the acting is top notch!  Enjoy!
 Based on the novel by Phillip Roth, this is a special film, exploring issues of race, hypocrisy, relationships and the tragedy of the human condition.  Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a classics professor at an eastern Ivy League college. During his tenure as Dean of the school, he brought the college from a mediocre one to one of excellence. In the politics of academia, where bureaucracy can be so entrenched, change is the enemy, thus Coleman Silk's efforts towards excellence, inevitably makes a few enemies.  In the late nineties, during the Clinton administration, the atmosphere of so-called political correctness hovered like a spectre, censorship reigned supreme, and as one of the characters at the end of the film states, "People have become so dumb, but they all have an opinion. Professor Silk makes the mistake of calling two conspicuously absent students "spooks", in the definitive context of absence or invisibility, not in the 50's slang for black American. In fact, he never met these students, but his words are taken as racial slurs because the students are black Americans. (This proves to be a great irony as the film progresses) This is an interesting example of censorship at the time, as in so many cases, the person or people crying racism or explicit sex or whatever the issue, more often than not, is taken out of context, turning it into something other than what it actually means. Out of principle, and because, out of fear, no one supports him, he is forced to resign just before his retirement. To add insult to injury, Silk's wife dies in his arms from a heart attack on that very day.  Enter Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Siniese) the "writer in hiding and narrator of the tale. The two men forge a bond that is both interesting and touching. The scene where they dance `cheek to cheek' on the porch over a sentimental song was a work of pure theatrical genius. There is no question that both these fine actors are at the top of their art form. It is here that Silk confesses that he is involved with a thirty-four year old woman. Enter Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman) a beautiful working class girl with a legion of personal issues
 A very underated movie - this should be a classic of all time. Bought it for our inter-racially married daughter.  Hope my "squidlings will watch it when they are older and understand how far we have come.
 This film grabs the viewer from the opening scene.  Through a winter's bleak landscape, a car's easy progress along the dark road is enhanced by the sedate pace of the background music.  Before the credits have stopped running, the car is rolling into the roadside stream, the occupants clearly lost.  An oncoming vehicle has driven them off the road deliberately, then continues on.  Why has such a murder occurred?  Coleman Sylk [Hopkins] a classics scholar, denies a student's charge of racism as "spectacularly false", yet resigns his college post in protest.  He contacts Nathan Zuckerman [Sinise] to commission him to write the story of his life - the son of "the only Jewish saloon keeper in East Orange".  Zuckerman, a writer suffering "block is reluctant to undertake the task, but as he learns more about Sylk, he becomes fascinated by the man.  The unfolding story is far more of "An American Tragedy than Theodore Dreiser could have ever envisioned.  Sylk, whose real story is far more convoluted than that of the "son of a Jewish saloon keeper", is an angry man.  His outbursts aren't violent - that aspect of his life is clearly under tight control.  But the events of his youth are reflected in his dealings with others in his later life.  To explain this, Sylk's early life [Wentworth Miller] is portrayed as a succession of deceptions, from his struggle to follow his own desires against his father's wishes, to that father's own role in life.  Coleman wanted to be boxer - he was good in the ring.  But he follows a different path to become a classical scholar.  The "first Jew to teach classical literature in America - according to narrator Zuckerman.  The source of Coleman's ire becomes clear when he tells Zuckerman about his first love.  While in university, he meets a young woman and invites her home to dinner.  The result is an act in a long-term tragedy. A tragedy that has yet to be played out both in the film and in real life.  Convoluting Coleman's already bizarre existence is his unexpected encounter with Faunia Farley [Nicole Kidman].  In what is demonstrably her best role, Kidman is a woman beset by tragic circumstances.  Their liaison, which should be completely out of character for both, proves stable and enduring.  A cynical farm woman struggling for survival, she should have little to offer the classics scholar.  But Coleman's own struggles provide a hidden bond.  The two become lovers, mutually reinforcing and restoring a positive approach to their lives.  It's easy for Hopkins to impart tension in a film role - he's done it often enough.  But here, he displays a new version of that emotion.  There is the visible manifestation of self-control.  While he can release his rage when he's relating his story to Zuckerman, a whole new aspect appears when he's with Kidman.  In turn, while she might simply be grateful for his attention, Kidman becomes enamoured of his qualities.  She discovers his strengths and capacities, leading her to develop a sincere affection for this stranger.  Together, the endure challenges and overcome them.  All but the last one.  There are many roles in this film deserving applause.  Anna Deveare Smith's depiction of Coleman's mother, Ed Harris as Faunia's ex-husband and, of course, Jacinda Barrett as Coleman's university-days lover stand out well under Benton's direction.  Hopkins and Kidman, however, rightly dominate this production.  Kidman, in particular, exhibits a capacity hardly promised in her other roles.  This film is reminiscent of two of Sean Connery's in which two co-stars, Lorraine Bracco and Catherine Zeta-Jones seem to suddenly blossom out of previous mediocrity.  Was there an unforeseen magic between Hopkins and Kidman, or did Benton provide a catalyst needed to bring out the best these two could provide?  However the formula worked, the product is something outstanding.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
 This is an outstanding movie...Hopkins, Sinese, Kidman and Ed Harris all in one movie?? What a powerful acting performance from all four.  The movie has disturbing and very hopeful messages about humanity all rolled into one.  Even though it is shocking and alittle sexually graphic, it has powerful and compassionate humanistic messages subtly placed.  Huge thumbs up!  Five Stars!!
 The character development in A Human Stain should be an educational tool for filmakers of the future. This is a masterpiece of a drama with acting beyond compare. Nicole Kidman transforms herself each time she is on screen and makes you forget any character she had inhabited before. Hopkins and Sinese are wonderful. A Human Stain should be seen by all to view what a cinematic drama is supposed to be and the acting is a treasure to watch. The story line is insightful, but I won;t spoil this review by revelaing too much, you must see it, it will stay with you for years to come.
 This is a great movie with great actors. Fantastic plot.Nicole Kidman as always is fantastic and Antony Hopkins is ...well Antony Hopkins. I don't know of any movie that Antony Hopkins didn't perform well. Puts political correctness in perspective. Never assume that you know everything about a person and always stand for what you believe. Our society always want to fix/rehabilitate stupid (the drunk husband) and ignores the real smart people who are there to advance our world. This is a movie with a strong message.
 The Human Stain is a beautifully haunting film, well cast and directed. I'm not sure that the brief female nudity was necessary, but the pacing, the cinematography, and wonderful performances by the always amazing Hopkins, the increasingly deep Kidman, and the ever competent Sinise and Harris make for a film that is complex, suspenseful, and affecting.  The musical score captures the emotion of the film perfectly.
 There are several reviews which sketch the story line of this film and there's no point in repeating it. This film has a great cast -- Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris -- all talented actors, and all give creditable performances.  The story is told in such a way that there really are no secrets -- you learn the backgrounds of characters fairly soon after they are introduced, and their "big secrets come out early. This isn't a film about "secrets"; it's a film about stains which people carry within. The characters are stained by events or other people, but the story exposes the importance of how we react to adverse situations. All of the characters battle demons, and all fight differently. Most overcome their stain, and they do it through loving and being loved. This film isn't really about racism, nor is it about a long kept secret. It's about battling events which we perceive as being unjust, and eventually about healing. This is true of all the major characters, and if you don't see this point then I suggest you watch the film again.  This isn't the best film ever made but it is an excellent one. I've watched it several times and I still enjoy it. This movie isn't a puzzle to be solved but a set of stories to be heard and understood.
 I bought this movie on a whim because of the reviews I had read, I figured the price wasn't bad and I could always sell it if I didn't like. Just so happens; it's a great movie! Very interesting plot and suspenseful with a twist! I recommend for movie lovers and I still have it in my movie library.
 So often actors' roles become predictable when their names are known.  The performances and the characters were excellent by the lead experienced actors.  While such is always expected from Hopkins, Kidman, Harris and Sinise, the nature of these roles were challenging.  A must see for fans of any or all of these performers.
 The Human Stain is the story of Coleman Silk, a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small New England town. When his affair with a young troubled janitor is uncovered, the secret Silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife, his children and colleague, writer Nathan Zuckerman, fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences. It is Zuckerman who stumbles upon Silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent, upright man, esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life, and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled. If you are into light-hearted escapist movie, this isn't for you. The plot is intriguing, deep and difficult. I like these kinds of movies and this one is one of the best in class.
 A man has achieved great success academically, and then, while enjoying the fruits of such as a dean in a prestigious college, he makes a casual remark - something seemingly innocent - which is then perceived by two students as a racial slur.  Thus begins the unraveling of the man's career.  In the stress of the aftermath, Professor Coleman Silk's wife Iris is felled by a heart attack and dies.  And then, Silk (portrayed brilliantly by Anthony Hopkins) begins an unusual friendship with a reclusive writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), who lives in a cabin by a lake on the outskirts of town.  As Silk reminisces - the goal is that Zuckerman will write a book about Silk's life - many secrets, held inside for more than fifty years, are revealed to the viewer.  But not to Zuckerman, apparently, because he is startled by the secrets at the very end of the film.  Some of what Silk confesses is portrayed for us through flashbacks; the secrets are portrayed via flashbacks as "memories".  Then, almost as an aside, Silk describes an "affair with a younger woman (Nicole Kidman)
 THE HUMAN STAIN met a mixed reaction when released in the theatres, possibly because the issues, which imbue this film with particular significance, got lost on the large screen that by nature concentrates on the BIG effect.  But on the DVD, viewed in the privacy of the home, the degrees of subtleties are more pronounced.  The indelible stain that birthright makes on our lives is examined in many facets in this adaptation of Philip Roth's rather sensational novel by the same name.  What effect does ethnicity have on molding our lives, what effect does the potential that inherited wealth will play on our view of the world, what effect can public prejudice as well as self-induced prejudice have on the way we process our adulthood roles?  This film addresses all of these issues
 ... strange and haunting picture .... actually I would kind of consider it three seperate little movies ... The first part Anthony H as the big town college professor moved into a small town ... the second part Anthony H meets trailer trashy Nicole Kidman and falls in love agian ... and finally the third adventure part is the introduction of Ed Harris as Nicole's love crazed violent husband ....  The movie kind of clunks along as the viewer watches the characters develop and the writer slaps us in the face with the big 'surprise' that Anthony Hopkins is actually born a Southern black ... HMMMM .. that was a stretch .... but then again the acting of this movie is so great I can overlook all the politically correct warts .....  So like celery ... if you enjoy charater studies then this is the movie for you .... so much so that friends who were watching the movie with me didn't even believe it was Nicole Kidman on the screen .... Fabulous or what
 At first I wondered why all the negative reviews.  But, then, this is a movie about regrets-- after all, that's what "stains are, isn't it, things we regret . . . AND THEIR BEING "HUMAN ONLY MAKES THEM OURS AND HENCE EVEN MORE SO . . . REGRETTABLE, THAT IS.    I guess it comes down to where one is in his/her life, as well as where one's life is in the range of human existence, to determine what type and amount of tragedy one's narrative sense can tolerate.  Hence, for some people, I'm sure, "The Human Stain just has too much, and too many kinds, of drama packed in to bear.  We have an advanced classics professorial career brought down by a casual remark taken for racism . . . irony of ironies, he's Black passing for white Jewish, but he won't give up his masquerade (and his rage at what he seeks to escape through passing is articulated through his early years as a winning boxer).  He seeks comfort in the embrace of a half-his-age woman who seeks herself escape from an abusive marriage and feel responsible for the death of her children . . . as well as being pursued by her ex-- in fact, it all starts with the professor and his mate dying in an accident intended to avoid an oncoming truck (which, it turns out, was driven by the ex).  And the story is told by an Viet-vet writer who has grown too callused from all the killing to feel any more.  People today are quick to use the phrase, "That's more information than I wanted, so I can understand some viewers declaring
 This movie is an excellent example of how racism in America forced a black man to foresake his heritage.  It is such a shame that this country still focuses on race and color rather than the individual.  It also shows no matter how miserable you are there is always someone just as miserable if not more so.  All of those narrow or short minded people who criticize this movie need to check themselves.  There are hundreds of thousands of African Americans here in the U.S. who are passing for white.  There is an autobiography "Life on the Color Line by Gregory Howard Williams.  The author did not find out that he was black until he was almost in middle school.  So I wouldn't be so cocksure about yourself until you check your DNA.
 This movie was a great view, I enjoyed it's different story line and the fact that what we see on the exterior is not always what it represents. It was entertaining and fresh.  This is worth the time to sit down and watch The Human Stain, this is one of a kind movie.
 I have never watched a movie with such amazing performances on all levels.The story,acting and pathos are unrelenting.I am generally a fan of lighter fare,but a big fan of the brilliant Nicole Kidman.If you want a complete theatrical presentation,this movie is for you.
 a film that needed to be made and a story that needed to be told, amazing performance from both Anthony and Nicole, just an amazing film, a must own movie!!
 This film is more than disquieting; It is disturbing. An older senior professor is fired (he resigns but that is the same) when confronted to some accusation of misconduct because he asked one day if two students he was trying to question and who had never come to his class were spooks. The two students were black, which he could not know. At the beginning we see a car accident and we will see the same scene at the end and we will know who were in the car and we will have to guess what happened. In the meantime we find out that this older man falls in love with a younger woman, twice younger than he is, in her early thirties. That love affair does not work properly and yet it is an unbreakable love affair. But the woman is divorced, slightly unstable and her ex-husband is completely berserk and he is suffering of the trauma of Vietnam veterans who cannot get over the obsessive compulsive disorder of theirs that make them do strange things without any reason or conscience. Those are for sure spooks and they may spook the hell out of you. Since he was present on the final death scene, we can imagine the reaction of the ex-professor when he saw the red truck on the deep snow on the road in the mountains. But that's the easy way. Shortly after his being fired and his wife dying of a heart attack in his arms because of it he goes and meets an author who has completely retired in the mountain and they both fall not in love but in complete friendship. We have then two cases of an old man in love with a younger woman and in friendship with a younger man. I think the second case is dealt with more realism. Such a friendship is direct, often brutal in tone and content but absolute in trust and unbreakable. Such a friendship is like a buoy for a drowning old man and a tremendous discovery for the younger man if he is curious and accepts the bond, because it is a bond. Of course there is no erotic dimension to that. The two become soul brothers and enjoy every moment and every hard word of this experience because it is their deepest soul and mind that are in love and this love or friendship becomes for both a kind of life line with the infinite. It is different with the woman because it is sexual and you do not need to be a great lawyer to fear some pregnancy problem or some fatherhood questioning eventually. The love between the two is not depicted with any tenderness. It is rather violent and rather uniquely centered on love thanks to Viagra. All that is the surface of the problem depicted on, the film. Some flashbacks reveal little by little that this professor who is known as white and Jewish is of a quite different origin and that is the very and deepest meaning of the "spook remark. It is deeply racist but racist against himself and his choice to become a Jew is another sign of his racism by affiliating himself to a minority group that is hated by so many people in the world so that he will be hated by many. And then we can see the final death scene again and we can wonder if it is not a suicide. We can wonder or be sure, depending on the level of consciousness we have that racism is a stain deep in the mind, the soul and the spirit of a man, a stain he can only get rid of by killing himself, and in that case along with the younger woman he is supposed to love and is asleep next to him, as if he were afraid to go away alone. It is true when you lose the first girl you love because you take her to your family and she discovers they are not as white as she is and as her boyfriend, their son, is, there is like a long simmering desire to kill, at least to kill oneself because of this injustice, unfairness.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
 "It Came From Somewhere Else has a place in my heart that no other movie does.  I first rented this movie back in 1989 when in was first out on VHS and it became no less than a religion to my friends and I.  We constantly quoted lines and watched it whenever we had parties.  It's a parody of many films, and I liken the humor to that of the television show Get A Life, with Chris Elliott.  It's sarcastic and clever, but has the underlying quirkiness of an inside joke that you don't quite get.  On top of it's clever comedy, it's also low budget enough to get a laugh at it's bad sets and props.  As for the DVD release, bless the fine people at Xenon for putting it out, but I wish the version on the DVD was the version I saw on video.  Some scenes were deleted then made into "deleted scenes on the DVD.  It seems like a ploy to get people to believe the deleted scenes are something extra.  The "lost footage selection to me is more like the "deleted scenes".  Also I noticed some other small shots and bits cut out.  Little things, but to someone who holds this film on high and has such fond memories of watching it, I hate to see them gone.  I'm glad I still have an old VHS copy.  The full version of the secretary scene is hidden on the DVD, but some of these other shots are not there at all.  All in all, this DVD is great.  It has more extra features than I'd ever imagine for this movie, and to see something "new pertaining to this movie after so many years is truly amazing.  Just don't throw away any old copies of the movie you have.
 I've enjoyed this movie almost as much as those who made it, many of whom are close personal friends.  Particular favorites are the doofy psychiatrist (it's impossible to believe that this guy could ever be a real doctor, but rumor has it he is), Mrs. VA who looks young and couquetish, and the Deputy who brought new meaning to the words "dumb-ass sidekick and made me want to eat a goldfish or three.  If you watch closely, you can see all the stylistic touches of the director's assistant, Tim Johnson, that he demonstrated later as the executive producer of "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman including the excessive use of beefcake to entice female viewers, in this case the star, William VanArsdale (one of the finer pieces of manhood appearing on the big screen in the 1980s
 So, unfortunately, the movie itself went to the "chop shop by those "Hollywood Types who deleted some scenes from the DVD version of this movie, ostensibly to promote some sense of "coherency for the viewer.  But, alas, incoherency was what made this film somewhat charming in the first place.  I understand, however, that the evisceration of the original was no fault of director Howard Hassler, whose untimely and sad incarceration prevented him from exercising personal control over the DVD production. This DVD release, however, contains many extras never-before-seen or heard, including the highly recommended director's commentary including director Hassler, the reclusive actor William VanArsdale, and the incisive wit of film critic and private investigator Wilson "Max Norris.  Check it out!  You will be glad you did... and if not, simply turn down the sound! This execrable film... created by deservingly unemployed part-time actors, producers, directors and crew... maintains its status of perhaps the worst movie ever made, more than two decades after its initial theatrical release.  After viewing it, you may appreciate the part of your life you have saved by not viewing the deleted scenes on this DVD.
 If you want glitzy special effects look elsewhere.  If you enjoy a good belly laugh from the absurd this may be your title.  One of those "cult movies you will watch more than once.
 Fushigi Yugi is just about my favorite anime of all time. The animation is wonderful, Watase Yu, is an amazing artist, and the stories are so real I either laugh or cry! I am very pleased that they came out with the individual dvds because getting the box set at one time is pretty costly. This story is fantasy, drama, and romance!  This dvd has 7 episodes, just about the most I have seen on one anime dvd and it's well worth $30. Here we learn about the 15-year-old girl Miaka Yuki. Miaka and her best friend Yui travel to the national library and Miaka sees a red bird. The two girls are puzzeled and found and old ancient chinese book called The Universe of the Four gods. Suddenly a red light swarms them into the book and oddly enough they find themselves in acient China. Right when they arrived they were attacked by slave traders and a 17-year-old boy named Tamahome rescued them. Over the 7 episodes, Miaka Yuki finds herself in Conan and assumes the duty of the Preistess of Suzaku. She has to go through terrible ordeals and she must find the Seven Stars of Suzaku so she can make all of her dreams come true. Miaka finds near death, love, and regret. She has formed a strong bond with her warriors and begins to weaken. Buy this dvd to find out what happens!  Fushigi Yugi is two seasons long with four dvds each. Also there are OVAS that add even more drama to the story. It is a must buy and should be an addition to your anime collection.
 Miaka Yuki is a normal teenager in Japan studying for her high school exams. Little more is in her life other than her two loves
 When i bought this, i had already spent hours on the internet trying to find out information on it, i didn't just feel like buying it. But i did. And i'm soo glad! The main character is so funny, with her thinking about food all the time. Then she meets a man who saves her (mulitple times), but there is also someone else who is in love with her..so a love triangle happens. This story has a small dose of Romance, small dose of action, and tons of funny! Go check it out, it's definetly worth it!
 Red Dawn has always been one of my favorite movies, as a teen ager i (misguided as it was )prayed for something like this to happen. But as i got older i am thankfull it never did.Alot of us older people who grew up in this time period will watch this movie an remember what the world at that time was like, it was a very uncertain time to be alive. The funny thing ( in a non hah kind of way) is after the fall of Russia, when the west finally got to look into the Russian military battle plans for the last 40 years, we were a hairs breath away from this happening, this movie is one of the reasons it did not come to pass (russain generals have confermed this statement) they realized what it would cost them in regaurd to the MASSIVE amount of firearms possesed by American citizens, remember this, to the rest of the world were all a bunch of cowboys. The director even made mention of this with the "find form such an such, it will tell us who owns firearms".
 For me, this movie is a classic.  When it originaly came out it was on VHS but now that I have a big screen , HD TV, I decided to update.  It looks even better in HD.  A whole generation has grown up since this first came out.  Do your younger friends a favor and show them this timeless story of a bunch of high school mates who band together to fight an invading Russian and Cuban army.
 This disc was out of it's case when received but came in perfect condition. Thanks for the quickness of this order. Very pleased!!
 Hey this is a classic, every movie the us is going somewhere. Its nice to see how it would be if the tables were turned and it was us in parrel.
 Ill write a different style of review here.As we know the soviet union is gone forever.nothing in the movie ever happened,but it is what would have happened if Certain conditions overseas had taken a turn for the worst.It is an alternate history,even over twenty years after this film came out in reality we still  have many enemies who would like to see America fall.The best part of this movie is that the russian military clothing  ,equipment, props and guns are  very accurate for that time in history.  The resistance warfare  by the partisans is pretty  good ,Most war  movies from hollywood portray tactics wich would get you and your unit  killed for sure if you used them[saving private ryan an example].here you see pretty fair examples of a typical ambush,tank killing,fighting positions etc.The Kids were a mobile hit and run force and this is what is needed in warfare.
 During the Cold War is when I first watched this film with my family. I was around 6 at the time it came out and I remmber during the first opening sceen. My older family members set there in shock as on the screen Russia took control of America. My Uncle even though he said it was fiction. I remmber him saying it could happen. I remmber vagley of the days when Nucler War was  not only possable, but everyone thought it was going to happen. This movie shows the tenseness of the period of the Cold War 80's . Just as the book Swan Song  which is also a great book  it shows how we   America and Russia  were insane in a way and that war to that scale is pointless and would only destory people's lives.
 I hear Hollywood is going to make a crappy new version of this, so I had to watch the original with my kids.  They all loved it even though they had no historical context for believing it was possible.
 This movie is a classic!  Our 10 year old son loved it too!  What kid wouldn't think it was cool to have to run off into the mountains to survive because your town was beings attacked by hostiles?  Plus having Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen in it doesn't hurt either!
 Somewhat outdated view of what potentially could happen in the future, in one fashion or another, and how it could be handled, on a localized basis. Fear that it is altogether possible, whether through an economic collapse, EMP, caused by nature or man-made, or other potential disaster. I wish "Patriots would be made into a motion picture, as well as "One Second After".  Realizing this movie is outdated and idealized, it is at the same time entertaining and thought provoking. Also, it captures Patrick Swayze in his early acting days.
 When this first came out, of course it got maybe a half a star, but, of course, I used to live in a BLUE city along the southern Calif. coast line! Since I love this kind of movie anyway-6******'s! It does show war, pain, suffering and death as it should to probably prevent future ACTUAL w, p, s and d! I like the DVD extras, the interviews with the stars of the movie, I was kind've hoping that Jennifer Grey would be interviewed but, alas, no. All in all I liked it! For those who take themselves way to seriously-lighten up-it's just entertainment!
 "Red Dawn is remarkable film about ordinary American kids with extraordinary courage.  It has indeed stood the test of time.  Beloved by Americans (and reviled only by America haters) it is also a cautionary tale of what can happen to a weak America that does not guard its borders. We see a potential future that we don't want to happen -- which we as a nation can never allow to happen.  The characters are well drawn in three dimensions. We see anguish, doubt and despair among the young heros.  We see sadness and  -- yes -- even a certain dignity in the 'heavies'. In fact Ron O'Neal steals this movie with a superb performance (and he plays one of the Communist invaders!)  It is also an adventure story in its own right.  It has gripping action, genuine drama and wrenching pathos.  I recommend this movie highly.
 What if Communist Russians invade the United States? Teens from America's heartland take on the Reds as guerrilla fighters in this fairytale action-war movie. This seems like a plot that somebody made up for a High School short story. Not a bad cast, which includes Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, Ben Johnson, Charlie Sheen, Powers Boothe and Harry Dean Stanton, make the film interesting but John Milius' direction is very pedestrian.
 Wow, reading most of the reviews here you would think instead of reading a reivew of a  fictious  movie on Amazon.com you were on some liberal undergrould anti-Regan website.  I suppose that this is the only place that you lib's and Regan haters can get your voices heard.  If you would like a serious debate or conversation about Regan there are may places you can go, but you don't want to be there because you have no way of supporting your vision. Anyway.  This is a very good action movie.  Many stars of today are presented here and they do a good job and help make the movie enjoyable.
 This is definitely a classic.  I enjoy the actors and the plot of the story and believe that this could have once been a possibility.  Great movie.
 There have been a lot of dumb comments in these reveiws. All the questions are answered by just paying attention to the movie! For example, NATO doesn't appear because it was dissolved. The bulk of the US military doesn't appear because the front lines are in the Dakotas, Utah, Montana, California, and the Mississippi river. We can't nuke Russia because they destroyed almost all of our nukes in their first-strike. Also, Washington DC and the other major centers of communication are destroyed in the first-strike. Finally, guerilla groups always have a large success rate when they begin. It's after the enemy figures out what's going on and how to counter it that they start getting losses. But, to the review. I find this one of the best movies ever. Not because of some political statement (ever notice that the people who pan this like equal-caliber anti-American movies?, not because of the strong American support. No, I like it because it shows what would have happened if we were in the position of Afganistan 1979-89, or in the USSR 1941-44. I am just thankful that this movie, and nothing like it, actually happened.  And, just for the heck of it
 Bravo Milius!  I vividly remember seeing this movie when I was 10 years old living in Washington, D.C..  As a military brat, I was obsessed by all things military, but also keenly aware of the global political state of the world.  Reagan ruled supreme, and a succession of weak Politburo puppets lived and died in the Kremlin.  The mid-80's was a scary time for many.  It's easy twenty years later to dismiss the premise of Red Dawn as overblown and unrealistic.  How things have changed since 1984.  Many reviewers have criticized this film for major plot holes and inconsistencies.  I offer that these people have not actually viewed and absorbed the story elements portrayed by Red Dawn and John Milius.  1.  It was clearly stated in the beginning of the film that the Soviet economy was suffering from back to back poor grain harvests.  This is what triggered the attack on NATO and then the United States.  Hungry people get desperate.  2.  Nuclear weapons were used on strategic sites to disable key military installations and infrastructure.  Many readers do not understand that since the 'invaders' would want to preserve the "Bread Basket of the country, they wouldn't use tactical nuclear weapons.  Battlefield nukes with small yields are strong enough to decimate with precision.  They exist, but have never been used in combat.  3.  The "Wolverines were not acting alone.  "Radio Free America  showed this.  It was demonstrated in the movie that resistance was taking place all over the country.  The U.S. has over 73,000,000 men of 'fighting age'.  An enemy aims a gun at your home or family, show me one of those 75,000,000 who would not take up arms in defense.  4.  The enemy used commercial airliners to invade the U.S.  It's been done before.  A bit of a stretch, but this is presented as fiction.  Some cheesy dialogue?  Sure.  Continuity problems?  Maybe.  Preachy?  Sometimes, but this is a film of good over evil.  Believable casting of teenagers.  Sometimes wooden, sometimes moving, aren't people that way in real life?  Spineless European 20-somethings and the like say that this is just another example of American imperialism.  I'd say ask your grandparents if they feel the same way as America sacrificed hundreds of thousands of lives to save your shores, while we were in no immediate danger.  TWICE.  You spent your childhood living under the veil of security that the United States provided. My generation will repay your debt for the rest our our lives.  Donations accepted.
 I have read many reviews of Red Dawn. Those who hate it do so for political reasons. They often repeat what they have heard from their fellow travelers. Often they claim that Wm Smith's character does not speak an intelligible Russian.   Smith earned a Bachelor of Arts from Syracuse and a Master's Degree in Russian Studies from UCLA. He taught Russian at UCLA before abandoning his Ph.D. studies for an MGM contract. He also studied at the Sorbonne in Paris and the University of Munich while learning languages through the military. Smith is fluent in Russian, Serbo-Croatian, French and German. During the Korean War he was a Russian Intercept Interrogator and was awarded a Purple Heart. I found this same information from numerous sites. See the movie. Do your own research. Be an adult.
 Patrick Swayze and C. Thomas Howell reteam from  The Outsiders  which finds them and 6 other teenagers hiding out in the mountains from the russians and the cubans who take over the country and hold the teens' parents hostage. The Eight teens take the name of their football team,  The Wolverines . Co-Stars like Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson and Darren Dalton [who also teamed with the twosome in  The Outsiders ] and the special effects and action make this a good movie. I give it 3 1/2 Stars!
 I first watched "Red Dawn on HBO as a kid. The patriotism that it instilled drove me to join the US Army. The scenery is amazing, the plot line sufficient, and the characters are amazing. Rarely will you find a movie that commands the presence of so many key characters. From the mayor's patriotically weak son, the first generation Mexican-immigrant boy with the will to fight for the country he loves, to the stereotypical "good 'ol boys who ultimately instill the futility of war in an enemy commanding general, you're forced to realize all that America has to offer to a potential occupational force.  This is a must watch for anyone who displays a yellow ribbon, believes in the American way or is just up for a movie that spans the gambit of American values and determination.
 My two favorite movies ever are "Red Dawn and "What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I have watched both many times. I wanted them in my library.
 Invasion on U.S. soil!  the citizens are so insular they don't expect anything like this to happen.  It was hard to envision P. Swayze and T. Cruise as brothers but their parts blended them well. The boys were  commited to staying alive and fighting for themselves and avenging their families.  I would like to have had a better explanation of when the young boy was taken and implanted with a tracker.  P. Boothe as the downed pilot helped to pull together the understanding of the vastness of the invasion.  Americans most always appear to be willing to fight for freedom from any oppression.  It seems to be our inborn strength that we pull together.  The third world war is always just around the corner, only now the advance invasion is put into effect with drugs, immorality and abortions.  How many young men have we lost through drugs and abortions, more that all the wars put together.  These are our weakensses.  Red Dawn is a bit of a warning that we should beware of our own foolishness.  Great story - a bit strung out but there is something in it for all of us.
 I liked this movie in the 80's, and it is still good!! The same people who hated republicans and the second amendment then hate this movie now. It is a real litmus test for political view. The situations are reversed on  Coming Home  with Hanoi Jane.
 Everyone should own this movie. It let's us realize how easy it is to be invaded, even in this great country, and how helpless we can become. Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen, even though very young, are surprisingly mature in their roles. One of my very favorites. It always send a chill down my spine when I watch it again.
 This is a good movie with good actors. The story is shocking but not out of the realm of possibility.
 Don't expect the best image quality and the best soundtrack ever... especially in my case, the first DVD I received was having lots of problems (sometimes many images would just be skipped); however this movie is worth watching as it conveys important messages about, among others, the horror of war, the terrible mistakes of the past and what can be done to correct them. It is a very complex movie about serious matters, and it conveys lots of emotion and sadness about the errors of the two wars of the 20th century in Europe, so your morale could very well cave in a little sometimes... but the movie also contains some positive answers to prop you up. The movie is about a nightmare scenario
 Beautiful,Patriotic and Yes it could have very much happen and still can,if we left it up to the aldai stevenson types with their dialogue approach to the enemy and singing songs and holding hands we'd be doomed, Liberals hate the movie like everything else they hate don't agree with their point of view,simply put they have a fascist bent and anything right of them is wrong to them.Watch the Movie and Get Over it, Reagan/Thatcher/Catholic Church Won the Cold War,Not Gorbachev ,But Reagan and it bothers mindless liberals who think they are so intelligent and smug. Patrick Swayze and even Little Charlie Sheen son of that great partisan hack put in a great Performance.
 We received the DVD we purchased in excellent shape and in a timely manner.  We would definitely order products from this seller again.  Thanks!
 Wolverine (n)
 Laugh? I thought I'd die. This classic slice of Reagan-era paranoia pits a bunch of heroic, 2nd-Amendment lovin' schoolkids against the Red Army. Makes Rambo
 This is one of my favorites from when I was in elementary.  I was big into army and all the stuff young boys use to be.  I have this in my collection today and am happy to have it there.  It is full of great actors at their beginnings.  It is a drama.  And can feel long as watched, but if you can pull through, you  can experience it as what at one time, and now today was a speculation.  it has some action, but mostly drama and so the ending.  one of the few dramas in my collection.
 I picked this DVD up today at Walmart, remembering how important the movie was and how I haven't seen it for ages.  After watching it I felt as if someone walked over my grave, just having to look in today's headlines and the headlines over the past few years since 9-11. I realize that many of the liberal left find this movie foolish and uneducated, that the scenario is implausible, that America is the villain in the "global community when it has such leaders as Reagan and GWBush.  The liberal left of course can have their say in the sun because when they speak their mind, it is "tolerant and "politically correct"; yet when a Republican, and especially a Christian Republican, tries to speak his or her mind, that person is labeled a "wacko a "villain and "dangerous".  As A Christian Republican, I could care less what the liberal left has to say because the liberal left runs on pure emotions instead of deep, inherent, wisdom and logic and strength and grace.  These are the ones, mind you, who are so keenly desiring to see babies slaughtered all in the name of "women's rights and "reproductive rights and yet they vilify our police officers and our soldiers who are on the front line in and away from the United States, fighting wars against crime and against terrorism.  The liberal left doesn't want to go out into the world and make a stand for decency and honor and strength, they want to sing songs and hold hands and then cower under rocks and trees begging not to be seen by those who are the true villains in the world.  Now about this movie, of course it is not Oscar material, but after we see 9-11, the enemies of freedom are willing to come into our country and wreak havoc and murder our people, no matter who or what age or what sex.  Now you might say this is foolish, but after 9-11, the scenario of this movie is far more plausible than you might think.  Yes the Russian bear has crawled underneath a blanket for a spell, but there are enough Russian nuclear weapons out there that could still do damage to us and anyone else.  I wonder how many people who watched this movie and understood the message of this movie back in 1984 would have been all too surprised when 9-11 came about?  Would those same people who could comprehend, as the Liberal left couldn't comprehend this movie, would have been all too shocked to see that thousands upon thousands of people die all in the space of several hours on 9-11?  I remember this film and the sobering message of this film and I have to say that I wasn't surprised to see 9-11 happen.  I suggest that all of you who speak about this movie and say that the movie's consideration and ideals are foolish wake up and realize the world is a dangerous place, that anyone, anytime, could come back and repeat 9-11 again and again as long as we think that human nature is good and that our soldiers and our police force is evil.  We need to be ready at any time and at any place to make a stand against the evils of the world because if we don't make a stand against the evils of the world, they'll mow us down faster than a blink of an eye.  Think of this thought, mind you
 When this movie came out, the critics all salmmed it as a propaganda film about a communist invasion of the US.  Actually, it is a film against war.  Both sides are portrayed has having their share of good and bad.  While the plot pushes credibility a bit, you can identify with the characters because we all know people like them.  It makes you think about what you would do if you were in their shoes.
 Love this flick. One of my all time favorites. Me and my buddies saw it in the theater when it came out and it was awesome then and still is now. We always thought of what we would of done if that happened at our school. This movie has mega replay value. I watch it alot every year. It's in the top of my collection pile and you won't want to miss this one. I think this movie still stands strong for it's age. Definatley a must buy.
 Just received this from Amazon Tuesday (Awesome since Best Buy didn't have it until the following day). They really did a good job cleaning this vintage film up. The sound was sharp and clear, the images... Oh those horrific 1980s images of mass killings! I must have seen the original 20 times or so on all formats from Laserdisc to streaming HD. This is the finest. I picked out things I had missed in the background. The uniforms stand out and the action comes alive on this blu ray! Yes, the movie is dated but seeing Patrick, Charlie, Thomas and the rest of the Wolverines kicking Soviet butt in HD! This is the best visual quality version of this classic war film. WOLVERINES!
 In 1984, John Milius wrote and directed "Red Dawn", starring Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen. It describes a joint Communist Cuban/Soviet invasion of the Rocky Mountains. Aside from its Cold War warning, it was an ode to the gun lobby. In an early scene, a pick-up truck has a bumper sticker reading "You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers. A Communist soldier then pries a gun from the hands of a dead Colorado resident. A group of high school football players who had been taught how to hunt, fish and live off the land by their dad, take to the mountains and form a guerilla unit, attacking the Communist occupiers in series of daring raids. In the end, the Communists are defeated and World War III is won. The high school boys are memorialized for their courage and daring in the early, dark days of the fight for freedom.
 I just can't believe all of the negative reviews here on this film that go on and on saying that it just isn't possible that something like this could ever happen!  Listen to me now
 If you put your politics (and your feelings regarding both Reagan and the Second Amendment) aside, and just sit back and enjoy this film, you'll be in for one of Patrick Swayze's most moving dramatic performances.  Swayze, who passed away just two days ago as I'm writing this, plays "Jed", the young alpha-male leader of the Wolverines.  These Wolverines are a group of high-school students who, after their small Colorado town is invaded by Soviet and Cuban paratroopers, band together and wage war on their would-be conquerers.  If you want to know more about the plot, well, there isn't a whole lot more to say.  It's a fairly well-developed screenplay by John Milius (veteran screenwriter of "Apocalypse Now and also a few Eastwood pictures) and Kevin Reynolds (who would go on to direct "Waterworld with Kevin Costner and "The Count of Monte Cristo with James Caviezel) that is as engrossing as it is predictable.  Granted, that's an odd combination, but this screenplay draws you into itself, not by ever surprising you, but rather by showing you how you'd most likely feel, and want to react, if your home was subject to an invasion.  Yet it is not the screenplay, nor the performances of actors like Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Grey (who would meet Swayze again in "Dirty Dancing") that make this film what it is.  Rather, it is Patrick Swayze who gives this film its heart and soul.  Not to take anything away from the other actors, because their performances were quite good.  It is still Swayze, though, who is immediately identifiable as the toughest of the town's kids who take up arms to fight their invaders.  "Jed is the natural leader, not just physically the strongest, but also the one the other  kids look to for guidance.  And yet it is also Swayze's "Jed who is the most emotionally vulnerable, the one who takes the invasion of his country, and the destruction of the way of life he'd known, most deeply to heart.  Look for Swayze's scene on the wintry hillside, holding a family picture and crying as though his heart was shattering into a thousand pieces, as demonstrable proof of this.  It is as much Swayze's alpha-dog toughness in this film, as it is the deep pain that he hides from the other Wolverines, that give this film its humanity.  I won't give away the climax to you, but I will tell you that "Jed does all that he can to save his friends, and his brother.  Yet when the end does come, he must face it almost completely alone, isolated from just about everything he has ever known, holding on to the one thing from his past, his brother, that he has left.  If you are an admirer of Patrick Swayze (as I so obviously am), then you will appreciate this film.  If you've seen "The Outsiders", Patrick plays a similar character here; the alpha-dog leader with a heart bigger then he is, who is as tough as nails, yet cares very deeply about his family and friends.  Patrick Swayze was so successful as an actor mainly because of one thing
 Cast your mind back to the 1980s. The Soviet Union suffers its worst agricultural crisis in fifty-five years. Communist Cuba and Nicaragua each reach troop strength levels of 500,000, infiltrating and fomenting Marxist revolution in Mexico. The Green Party takes control of the West German government and bans American nuclear missiles on German soil, leaving Europe undefended to Warsaw Pact troops in the East and causing the eventual dissolution of NATO. In Colorado, on a crisp, clear autumn morning, Soviet paratroopers who infiltrated the country on passenger planes drop from the skies on an unsuspecting little town in the heart of America, thus starting World War III. When the war starts, a group of teenagers in Colorado escape to the neighboring mountains where they eventually wage a limited guerilla war against the Russian, Cuban, and Nicaraguan soldiers occupying their town. This is the premise of John Milius's 1984 film  Red Dawn.  This group of kids call themselves  Wolverines  after the name of their high school. Using captured military weapons and equipment, they attack troop columns, tanks, a prison camp, and eventually the town itself in order to defend their homeland. The kids cannot expect much help from American military forces, as the region in which they fight sits some forty miles behind enemy lines. When an American pilot shot down by Soviet fighter jets encounters the Wolverines, the larger picture of the conflict becomes clear. The Russians launched tactical nuclear strikes against military installations throughout the middle section of the country, knocking out Omaha, Nebraska (where I live, of course), Kansas City, and missile sites in the Dakotas. England stands alone in Europe, and the only ally the United States can rely upon is a decimated China. In an effort to capture badly needed grain, the Russians refuse to use nuclear weapons again. Instead, they hope a conventional invasion of the American heartland will alleviate the food shortage. The land invasion came in two waves
 Please read the "Editorial Reviews...Amazon.com...Jim Emerson and try to tell anyone that his purpose isn't to puke out his political views.  Red Dawn is a great movie that history has proven is what DOES happen after foreign invasions.  If the victim nation doesn't love the "invader then 90% will whine about it, 10% will do something about it.  In the case of Red Dawn, it happens to be some teenagers, just as teenagers everywhere are who typically join the military and defend their home.  The movie is very realistic.  ***I agree with other Reviews that most of the Reviewers never saw this movie... OR were daydreaming or texting someone and not paying attention.***
 I like films presenting alternate futures, as long as they don't ask you to accept too many unrealistic premises.  This one asks you to accept only one
 I saw RED DAWN for the first time yesterday.  First off, regarding the DVD itself, it is double-sided.  One side has the wide-screen letterbox version of the film, and the other side has the full-screen version.  RED DAWN is a film about several young citizens of a small town in the Rocky Mountains who find themselves in the middle of a Soviet-initiated World War III.  From what I'd heard of RED DAWN in the past, I expected it to be a horrendously corny (but fun) popcorn flick; however, by the end of the film, I was moved to tears by its stirring message of courageous resistance to evil and totalitarianism, and its celebration of the American spirit, and our country's founding values.  Admittedly, not everyone will like RED DAWN.  Fans of Michael Moore, Noam Chomsky, and Howard Zinn will probably despise it, as will individuals who think that the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution is a reference to an oxymoronic "collective right.  However, Americans who love their country and its Constitutionally guaranteed liberties will greatly enjoy the film.  Also, another reviewer makes the strange claim that the Wolverines can be compared to the Vietnamese Communists. Ignore for a moment the fact that the Wolverines fight for liberty and the Vietnamese Communists fought for totalitarianism. Given that the Vietnam conflict was a defensive action involving a democratic state (the RVN) which was under attack by tyrannical foreign aggressors (the DRV, which was heavily assisted by the Soviets and Red Chinese), the analogy fails to hold water. (If anything, the most "Wolverine-like elements in the conflict would have been the RVN's Regional Forces or Popular Forces, or the South Vietnamese civilians to whom President Nguyen Van Thieu distributed weapons in order to help them resist the Communist aggressors.)  The same reviewer (and others) also mention the Iraqi insurgents as being Wolverine-like. Unfortunately, in the context in which they present it, the analogy fails. Unlike the Communist forces in the movie, the Coalition forces and the new Iraqi Army (and security forces, police, etc.) are not attempting to impose a totalitarian regime upon the populace. Rather, the purpose of the allied effort in Iraq is to ensure the establishment of a stable and just self-governing independent Iraqi republic. That said, recent developments in Iraq have indeed led to some "Wolverine-like incidents, although not of the sort the other reviewers seem to have in mind. Many of the domestic Iraqi insurgent groups (such as the Islamic Army of Iraq) have begun to form, at least to a degree, a united front with the coalition forces against the foreign terrorists of the Al-Qaida/Zarqawi faction.* Also, a number of ordinary Iraqi citizens are forming "neighborhood watch"-type groups in order to help combat terrorists in general.* Those could be considered similar, to a degree, to the Wolverines.  *See article "Tips, Infighting, and Strong Horses, by Bill Roggio
 Red Dawn joins the ranks of good cult movies. However, what is particularly interesting was its reception when it first came out. When Red Dawn came out, American leftists went ballistic because the movie portrayed their precious Soviet Union and Communist Cuba in a bad light. Those of us who lived during the Seventies and Sixties remember the absolute censorship that liberals had over the media and one of their iron clad rules was that no criticism of Communism, Cuba, or the Soviet Union was to be allowed to be aired. It was the perfect censorship. However, Red Dawn was not the first one; a couple of years prior to this a made for TV movie came out ("Amerika"), which was very, very badly made, but which worked on the same story line. But . . . since it was the first one to violate the Politically Correct restriction, well, the reaction against Red Dawn was nothing compared to the reaction to Amerika---the liberals went into hysterics. Ted Turner, one of Hollywood's limousine Communists (along with Hanoi Jane, Robert Redford and Warren Beatty) actively tried to kill the movie by having specials run at the same time slot for the purpose of indoctrination (read "peace programs in PC jargon). A book, or film, needs to be made about that time (You think Michael Moore might be interested?).
 Is it over the top? yea.  Is it unrealistic?  probably.  But Americans would shoot armies into swiss cheese if they even dared come on our land...Can you imagine the Russians taking over Compton or Brooklyn or Detroit...or any hick town...take cover!!!  Honestly, wake up Americans, cause' we aren't always gonna be on top or unpenetrable, obviously, at this point...Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, and Sheen are cool in this movie...this movie is really interesting and intense to watch...and yes, the movie is sort of realistic, locals in the mountains on horseback could do guerilla warfare, but not for long, because as the movie shows, they will be hunted down by Special Forces in no time, at all...before Swayze shoots the Special Forces Colonel who brings their downfall..."you lose... giving the guy a chance to look at him and shoot...ahahahaha...how crazy, and how cool...look me in the face while i kill you...hahahahaha...this movie rules, get with it hippies..."WOLVERINES!!!!!!!!!!! Red Dawn gets unfairly knocked as a "gung ho type film, but it's far more nuanced than that.  Yes, it does lend tremendous support to the 2nd Ammendment by painting the exact scenario that the amendment was created to defend against.  It does present what was, at the time, a very possible nightmare scenario that warned us against complacency.  All those are significant things, but there is much more here.  The film gives us an insight into the struggles of kids in other lands who were dealing with real-life versions of thie same thing even as the movie was released (Afghanistan).  Red Dawn was fiction, but half a world away, it was happening to people who previously considered their lives to be as safe and normal as we do.  Another overlooked nuance to Red Dawn is the theme of loss of innocence that is played up so much.  Yes, the film acknowledges teh inevitability of war at times, but it also laments the damage it does to people.  Red Dawn if full of stark scenes of typical American kids being harmed (and doing harm) in ways unimaginable to us in our "safe America.  As a kid in 1984, that was nothing less than disturbing to me.  It was an eye-opener.  Red Dawn is extremely effective in letting the viewer feel the transformation of these kids into hardened soldiers in a stark, cold reality.  The movie doesn't sugarcoat it or glorify it, but it does recognize that sometimes such things are necessary to survive.  The Amazon "reviewer is clearly biased against Red Dawn and does little to hide it, but he was right on one thing.  The film was a commericial success, and it was controversial.  It speaks to the nuance of the film that it remains just as controversial 25 years later, even after the Soviets have been tossed into history's trash can.  If there was not depth here, the debate would have been over years ago, but it's not.  People remain passionate about Red Dawn even today, and on both sides of it.
 Is this propaganda by John (Conan the Barbarian) Milius?  Of course it is but you have to view it in the context of the times in which the movie was made.  After the fall of Saigon in '75 we really looked like a paper tiger.  Hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese were either sent to concentration camps or murdered outright for working with America.  We had cut and run and no one really trusted us.  Go forward a couple of years and you have hostages in Iran and the Soviet Empire on the march --with surrogates fighting (mostly Cubans and East Germans) in Africa and Central America. They have invaded Afghanistan as a spearhead drive to the straits of Hormuz and the oil lanes of the middle east.  They look like an unstoppable colossus.  That is the era in which RED DAWN was made.  Ronald Reagan had only been in office for a few months and no one could forsee that the Reagan Doctrine (not to contain the USSR, but actually roll back the borders of the Soviet Empire would result in their collapse in a decade.  Some wonderful images
 I say that because invasion did happen here...in the 1770's. We were ordered to park our guns with the government and we resisted..and won! Thus it happened too in Red Dawn. Now some politicians want to do the same to the avergae firearms owner. The movie shows what "they are scared of righteous citizens protecting their own. Good marksmen in the mountains sounds like the Greek resistance of WW2 (and it worked for them). Don't forget the scene where the Rooskie tells the Afghan to go to the Sporting Goods store and get Federal Form 4473... Although the actors playing the Russians were a little lame in the mountaintop scene, the movie played well and reminded me that diligence spared us this after the collapse of most communisn in the late 80's. But don't ever again say "It can't happen here..". Fail to study history, and you will relive it!!
   Let me talk about the movie before I get into the movie reviews and their writers.   Red Dawn is a pretty good movie.  A solid three and a half stars.  This movie is about youngsters trying to survive while superpowers destroy the world around them.  This 'story' is actually happening everyday around the world in dozens of countries.  Red Dawn doesn't do a perfect job of portraying the plight of young partisans, but, as far as I know, it's the only movie that does so in a way that's relevant to a western audience.   The action scenes are a bit dated, but in 1984 they were top notch.  The Wolverines end up kicking a little more behind than a unit with their size and training could, but it doesn't destroy the movie.  Some of the battle scenarios were a bit contrived, too.  Also, it's pretty obvious that this movie isn't portraying a real world scenario, since there has never been a time in which the USA is vulnerable to a massive invasion.  The movie is set in America so we have a connection to the guerillas and can undertand where they come from.   All in all, it's an acceptable three star movie.  I gave it five stars to PO the people who gave it one star and cried about 'jingoistic patriotism and facism,' and a whole bunch of other stupid knee-jerk reactions to a film that shows Americans and Russians fighting.    I really didn't see much patriotism in this movie.  Not once did the Wolverines talk about restoring America or how great their country was.  As the defining moment of the movie, when the guerillas are forced to either let a Russian soldier go or kill him, the leader is asked
 One of the best action thrillers of the 1980s is now available to buy on DVD here in the UK, and it was well worth the money! I remember seeing this when it first came out. Amazing to see such an impressive cast that went on to bigger things - Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson among others. The story concerns a sudden invasion by Russian and Cuban forces into midwestern US, which takes everyone by surprise. Enter some spectacular military action scenes up Main Street as US Army helicopters blast Russian tanks to pieces, then our young heroes head for the mountains and learn to survive and develop guerilla warfare skills. They begin with pump-action shotguns and it isn't long before they end up with antitank missiles and AK-47s. Plenty of action and explosions for gung-ho fans and the new resistance, the Wolverines, take on the Soviet and Cuban forces. But . . . in time, they are not only trying to save themselves and their families from the enemy's firing squads and interrogation camps(at the drive-in. loved that nice touch!), but from their own fears and insecurities as their own comrades gradually get killed in action. The second half of the movie shows that wars can affect people in different ways - notably Powers Boothe as a downed F-15 pilot. Overall, this is one not to be missed. Authentic Russian military hardware(except the obviously disguised French Puma transport choppers which are too big for Hind Mi-24 gunships), pulsating action, great sound effects for your DVD, plausible scenarios(the descriptions of how WW3 was fought and how Europe fared was also thrown in well) and good performances from the cast. An eighties classic which should be in everyone's movie collection!
 I actually read on a news site yesterday (11/29/11) that Russia is posturing against the United States. It could easily coincide with everything else in the world coming unglued during these interesting times. This movie may yet once again reflect public sentiment in the U.S. if the Soviet Union were to reform and come against the U.S. But, I'd rather not jump to conclusions on a simple news observation.  I had never owned this on DVD, but world events of late have in my opinion brought a resurgence of such patriotic movies. And as another reviewer pointed out, this movie indeed shows why there is the 2nd Amendment to the United States Constitution. Do I anticipate some enemy dropping out of the sky anytime soon in an attack against the U.S.? Not really, but Hollywood aside the illustration by this movie for gun rights makes a tremendous statement.  This collector's edition comes with an extra disc filled with other goodies, such as interviews with some of the cast as they appear today, and how the themes for the movie came about. Not many 80s pop culture references appear in this movie, so the storyline could be perceived as realistic in any era in which global tensions are heightened. But, for those who are particular 80s fans, it is a treat from that part of our past.
 I was totally amazed by this movie which I've just finished watching. As a film fanatic, I have often read and heard about "Red Dawn but I just couldn't imagine how a cold war theme with a bunch of teenagers could possibly work. Well, now I do. Under the brilliant direction of John Millius and a phenomenal young cast, headed by the late Patrick Swayze in the role of a life time, you're instantly gripped by this scenario of World War III, started in the rural backwoods of Colorado.  Nothing is dumbed down. This rag tag bunch of freedom fightes are portrayed by heroic, immensely likable heroes-and this includes the two young girls who join them, including Jennifer Grey. From what I've read, the director had to constantly fight studio pressures from turning this into the usual Hollywood junk--of showing horny young kids getting the hots for each other and throwing in some dumb potty jokes to break the incredible tension. In this rare movie, the youngsters are so believable, likeable and courageous you remember them long after seeing this movie.  Everyone shines in this true mastepiece--including Boothe Powers as the tragic pilot who is killed but gives leadership to the young heroes.  There"s never any cheap emotional scenes. The cast play their roles passionately and we movie-goers are all the better for it. Even the extras and smaller roles are beautifully memorable.  Filmed on location in Las Vegas--to serve as the Colorado backdrop--it looks magnificent
 Red Dawn, Despite some of its obvious technical mistakes and shaky political scenarios,is a very good look at what might have happened had a conventional World War III taken place in the US instead of Europe in the  early 80's. It was a known fact among the NATO command at the time that if  the USSR ever though they could pull of a invasion of Europe and/or the  United States, they would probably take the chance at go to war. Red Dawn  is one of the only movies ever made that deals with this more conventional  premise instead of all out nuclear war like most other films.  Despite  some short comings, this is one hell of a film, and was too short to fully  explore what a World War III in the US would have been like.It screams for  a sequel if not several, but until they are made I suggest that you see  this film.
 Red Dawn is one of those films that is very enjoyable once you ignore the preposterous premise upon which it is built.  A bunch of kids in red-blooded Colorado are suddenly confronted with a brutal and callous Soviet occupying army bent on destroying their way of life.  They regroup in the hills, and display true patriotic American grit by waging an unrelenting insurgency against the occupiers, all to the cry of "Wolverines!  The movie is fun because we have no problem figuring out who to root for.  The Soviets are a bunch of bumbling thugs who want to destroy the American way of life through overwhelming military force, while our protagonists are just simple Americans who take up arms to defend democracy, their families, country, and way of life.  As long as the viewer sees this as a fun and patriotic allegory to the ideals of the American Revolution, there's no harm.  Unfortunately, there were plenty of people in the early 1980s who took the "Evil Empire rhetoric seriously and actually believed that the Soviet army could somehow mount a surprise invasion of one of the largest, most populous countries in the world with a military budget larger than the all the rest of the military forces in the world combined.  But that sort of paranoia probably contributed to the commercial success of this film.  Three years after this film was released, ABC decided to jump on the Soviet-occupation-of-America meme and broadcast an equally implausible week-long miniseries entitled "Amerika".  If you have to choose between them, though, Red Dawn is strongly recommended as an entertaining artifact peering into the paranoid Cold War mindset of the early 1980s.
 Classic 80s movie release in 84 I think.  The message is that we can fight back against tyrants if we are determined and willing to risk our blood, treasure and sacred honor in the cause.  It is a movie of the triumph of the human spirit over great odds.  The kids are invaded and fight back against the Russian, Cubans and the Nicaraguans sent to conquer and reeducate the fictional town of Calamut Co.  They learn from a downed F15 driver that in a sneak attack Washington, Omaha and other major cities have been destroyed but the Free American is holding its own against he invaders. They redouble their efforts as insurgents and do more damage and they lose friend to the cause.  Though no likely the plot is quite possible and the the insurgency would be an almost impossible movement for any conquerer to wipe out. With FA they would have stood a real chance to win with support.  It is a interesting and thought provoking movie, not light fare but one of my Favorites but it took me years to grow to really enjoy it.
 Red Dawn  DVD  Red Dawn starring Patrick Swayse is the story of some Colorado high schoolers fighting a guerilla war against Soviet and Cuban invaders.  If you think this could never happen ask a Polish native about 1939 or a Frenchman about that year,  They didn't think it could happen either.  Just about as pro-Second Amendment as it gets.  Pay particular attention to the Soviet colonel when he orders one of his men to go around to all the sporting goods stores and collect the form 4473's so they can know where all the firearms are for confiscation.  Someone once said
 I am really curious now as to how Amazon picks their review authors. This guy Emerson has a right to his opinion and that is what a review is right? The author's opinion of what he is reviewing, but this is too funny to pass up commenting on. Darn good thing we have that pesky First Amendment, eh Jim? That's the one before the one you hate so much.  Before you label me, I'm a registered BLANK and not leaning to far right or left these days. Both sides are so full of whack jobs that I vote the person, not the politics now. There are a lot more of us then you think... BWAHAAAHAHAHA! Anyway, on to the review of the review!  This "featured review comes zinging out of left field, dumps it's political venom and then flies off with barely the required 20 words about the product... If you remove the bile this is what you get
 First of all, this movie may not be probable, and certainly isn't in today's world, but why do some people always want to downplay a movie because "it's dated"? Come on for God's sake, every movie comes out at a time when the story is critical and meaningful to current events of that time. If you can't appreciate that fact and respect the movie for it's meaning when it came out, then to heck with you. Go find something else to complain about!  With that said, "Red Dawn came out at a time when cold war tensions were at an all-time high. Anyone remember the made-for-TV movie "The Day After? It came out around the same time, and almost everyone in the country thought it was important enough to tune in. Even school teachers assigned it to their students. So don't tell me that "Red Dawn doesn't have any value. For those of us who lived during those times, we know. For those of you who didn't, you need to read your history and respect the fact that something like this MIGHT have really happened if everything fell into place.  It was scary, but I thought the movie represented the American fighting spirit/patriotism very well. Back then we still hadn't lost our focus. Back then we were still the good guys(except for the Vietnam snafu), and rightfully so. I think we are still the good guys today, but we've forgotten it. And forget the Democrat vs. Republican debate. I think that ALL politicians are messed up today. We, the U.S. citizens, need to dump party allegiances, demand accountability from all of our leaders, and take back our country!
 I remember when this film was first released in 1984, and the controversy surrounding it, became a major topic of discussion among my friends in school. The first PG-13 rated movie to come out into theaters. Yet, despite its right-wing overtones, this film was definately a classic from the start. From beginning to end. And with a cast of brat-packers that would go on to major careers like Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen, Powers Boothe, Jennifer Grey, and the like. It even had some classic actors from films from the past like Harry Dean Stanton, William Smith, Ron O'Neal, the late Ben Johnson, Roy Jensen, and the late Vladek Sheybal. Filmed on location in New Mexico, Red Dawn tells the story of the Russians and Cubans invading the United States, and how a group of teenagers, along with a downed U.S. Air Force pilot, fight back against the Communists with everything they have. Like true patriots, they fight for their country, their families, and their homes. Yet, at the same time, while killing off as many of the Communists as they can, some of them get killed off as well. The scene where Robert (C. Thomas Howell) is killed by two Russian helicopters is the most memorable. the characters are muti-dimensional and real, as they are shown as young kids forced into manhood at an alarming rate. These are tragic characters that you feel for and care about as the movie progresses. Despite what some people say about the film, I enjoyed it. This was a movie that I constantly watched when it was on cable, and I could immediately relate to it. Having grown up during the Cold War era, the idea of the Communists invading the USA, was a frightening scenario. And it was a real one. It could have happened, giving the circumstances that the Russians were going through at the time. If you enjoy classic war movies and the works of the young actors in this film, check out Red Dawn. It's a film worth watching.
 I've yet to see a serious review of John Milius' magnum opus, Red Dawn. For the most part, the liberal critics dismiss any discussion of its technical and dramatic strengths and instead focus entirely on the message. The thrust of complaints against Milius and Red Dawn amount to probably some of the most disingenuous criticisms in cinematic history. They critics argue that the audience should reject whatever Milius was trying to say (he's a conservative and board member of the NA) because the scenario is NOT REALISTIC and just a propaganda vehicle. I've always wondered how liberals, who draw the line at "it's bad when it comes to understanding war, have the gall to judge the credulity of any piece in the genre. My main objection with the Left's attack on "Red Dawn is their refusal to acknowledge that Milius' focus on the Wolverines represents only a snapshot of a far larger, broader story the remains ever present in the background. When critics complain about how incredulous it is for the Soviets and their Latin allies to attack a small town in Colorado, they purposely misunderstand the message Milius explicitly delivered through the Wolverine's conversation with Col. Tanner--these kids are only a small set of actors in a much larger war. It doesn't take that much of a mental exercise necessary to justify the period's well thought out belief that the Soviets could exploit their adventures in Latin America to invade the United States. Between Vietnam and the "nuclear freeze movement, right before the Reagan build up, the West was essentially in retreat throughout the entire globe. Whether or not the Soviets could've succeeded in this gamble is another debate, but "Red Dawn is a story of extraordinary times and circumstances albeit with careful attention to the real world. Even so, the focus on the realism of Red Dawn's background story is an attempt to get away from the really other stunning aspects of the film. You may disagree with the conservative themes in this film, but one thing John Milius does very well is let his views flow naturally from the experiences of his characters and the realities of war. There is no Rush Limbaugh avatar reaching into the film to preach through Patrick Swayze or Harry Dean Stanton, something Aaron Sorkin can't help but injecting into the endless banter that has become staple to the "The West Wing. The most clever critics realize that thematically Red Dawn is a success, so they go after the acting -- after all, that's where half of Milius' conservative propaganda is coming from. Yet more often than not they dismiss this important part of the film's success without a single attempt to specify their objections. You might ask what people should expect in the way of expressions and dialogue from high school kids who've been conditioned into guerillas , and I can't say that the kids in the "Lord of the Flies featured the timely emoting that we see from say Swayze's character when they first arrive in the mountains. The terse, yet clearly emotional and meaningful chatter between the Wolverines is strikingly credible, and surpassed only by Harry Dean Stanton's powerful performance as a Midwestern blue collar thrown into a detention center and Ron O'Neal's slow yet well paced descent into disillusionment with his tiny slice of the war. There's wide agreement that the cinematics were decent given the budget involved and the technology of the time. The art direction apparantly was so successful that two CIA case officers were alarmed by the attention to detail given to the T-72 main battle tank mock ups. Over all, Red Dawn maybe one of the most original, well done pieces from the 1980s.
 I don't know how many times I watched it during junior high. I loved it. Now in my late 30s, I still think it's an outstanding adventure with great acting, a great story, and a message that's as important as ever. Looking back, it's stunning that Hollywood even produced such a film.
 John Milius, the director of this movie, was blacklisted for this title. Communism was sturring during those days and he brought the worst side and possibilities of it out into the open.
 I saw this documentary by the History Channel mentioned in a story about the Crystal Cathedral, as that is one that is included. I did not know about it,it aired several years ago. I was able to find this used copy, which was in perfect condition.  I had been to see the Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove, CA and the news about the Crystal Ministry demise and the sale of this magnificent structure was of interest.  It tells about how the design of this building came to be, (to let in the light) and how it was constructed.  There are 4 other Cathedrals (European) on this DVD which are interesting as well, one being St. Peter's in the Vatican.  I enjoyed the DVD and passed it on to a friend.
 This is where the show starts to get even more interesting.  We find the character Light continuing to play the role of "god of the new world, ending the lives of the people he deems evil and unworthy of life.  Light continues to write names in the Death Note, with the genius detective L hot on his trail.  Light stays sharp so that he can eliminate L, keep his grades up, and keep Ryuk from going into withdrawal by feeding him apples.  The show begins to start getting much more interesting in Volume 3 with Light entering college and L begins to keep an even closer watch on Light.  More importantly, the revelation of another Death God coming to Earth with a second Death Note.  The Death God not only gives the second Kira a Death Note, but they also provide a nice pair of Shinigami eyes to the owner allowing them to see everyone's name and lifespan by just looking at their face.  What will this mean for Light?
 Death Note is truly a well written and mind thinking anime for people of many ages.  Just when one may think you know where the story maybe going there is a twist in the story line.  I would also highly suggest the Death Note books.
 There is thus far nothing wrong in my world regarding Death Note, including the more recent attempts at beating a dead horse with a stick with the live-action "L-change the WorLd and the BB murders novel.  The only disappointing thing for me was the decision to not include L's successors in the live-action Death Note movies (though there is a vague nod to Near at the end of "L-change the WorLd").  Considering that the original manga is really an extremely convoluted mind-game of chess, where there are more thought bubbles than speech bubbles, it's amazing that they were able to pull off fantastically the first two live action movies albeit in a truncated form.  More amazing is that the anime version manages to keep the manga's mind games nearly whole.  Unlike most people, I find the characters of L's successors, Mello, and especially Near, not to mention the background of all three young men being orphans raised in a home full of brilliant children for the express purpose of picking certain of them for duties such as L, aka the Whammy House, to be much more interesting.  Particularly in the fact of their different approaches from L, their similarities and drive to beat each other to avenging L and to end the reign of Kira - all while Mello does so with a dark, passionate drive and seeming hatred of Near and his passive, painstaking method.  In a way seeing how Mello and Near interact gives you more of a perspective of L's background than watching L himself for a majority of the series.  Basically, if you've made it this far through my review I'm surprised you haven't already hit the 'One-Click' buy button.  This is the point of the anime where you go from the long, steady, plodding pace of Death Note to the beginning of the brawling, psychotic stampede to the end of the series.
 I really enjoy this series.  What would you do if you had the power to kill people just by picturing them in your head and then writing their name in a notebook?  Would you do it, even if it meant eternal damnation?  This is the power given to a high school student who uses it to "create an ideal world".  But the laws of man cannot be ignore.  A police force stumped calls in the greatest detective of their time, a man known simply as "L".  "L has never failed to solve a case, but can he catch a killer who never has contact with his victims.  Can a high school student continue to kill without leaving any evidence?  Watch and find out.
 Death Note is the most amazing manga/anime series...all manga/anime fans should own this. I adore the Mello figurine too.
 Death Note vol.6, Great Quality, I've had no problems in video frame being slow or skipping. The Series itself is clinching, I strongly advise to watch them in order for spoilers are in this one and others. Quite basically what the main plot boils to is that a young boy named Light, picks up a Notebook, whoever name he writes in it with the picture of him/her's face in his mind, dies. He has many people attempting to hunt him down, but only a select few show great difficulty towards his goal. He meet's a few friends to help him along the way, Some are quite normal while others are abit more...out there. If you have never watched anime before this is a great one to start out with.
 Spoiler Warning.  After watching the past Death Note episodes, I was really excited to see the climax of between L & Kira (Light Yagami). It was one of the best moments in the TV show so far.  Then we are introduced with 2 of L's successors
 this dvd light gets his memory back about the death note and alot of questions are answered in this dvd.
 Since I first saw this on Adultswim I became completely captivated by this new import from Japan. I have bought all the current English dubbed dvds and this series has now become my favorite anime. This series has intrigue, suspense, supernatural elements including horror. A very faithful adaptation of the hit manga series.
 This dvd has some great episodes, and many important things happen during them. I am not gonna spoil anything, but if youve kept up with the series so far on Adult Swim, then you know that this release will be good.
 It was exactly what we expected. The "extras on the DVD were very interesting also. My daughter and I are huge fans!
 Came just as expected, with a little extra surprise! ...The upper and lower 'labels' that hold the DVD together were just cut through instead of removed, giving me the pleasure of taking them off myself (smile).  The DVD looks good and dandy, and it was a pleasure to shop with these people.  -Ashlmet
 everything is perfect. Product arrived in a short time not damaged; it is exactly as described. The package was very accurated
 Honestly, this is one of the best tv series ever simply because of the mental part of it.  There isn't so much action in the sense of people fighting.  It's all about the mental warfare.  This series will keep you guessing what is going to happen inbetween each episode and as you're watching the episode itself.  This is something that everybody and anybody should watch at least once through.  The Bad Part
 Honestly, this is one of the best tv series ever simply because of the mental part of it.  There isn't so much action in the sense of people fighting.  It's all about the mental warfare.  This series will keep you guessing what is going to happen inbetween each episode and as you're watching the episode itself.  This is something that everybody and anybody should watch at least once through.  The Bad Part
 I love how the authors have us rooting for Light the entire series.  It's amazing.  I only watch this anime and Bleach, and Death Note is now one of my favorite shows of all time.  Suspenseful, thoughtful, and things actually happen (main characters are not immune to being killed).  I'd suggest watching it from the beginning, but I had a friend start watching it in the middle of the series and she was hooked half way through the first episode she watched.  Even if you don't like anime or other Adult Swim shows, you will love Death Note.
 This is the second collection of Deathnote episodes, one of the most compelling and amazing animes of all time. It tells the story of Light Yagami, an intelligent university student with a strong sense of justice who accidentally picks up a notebook owned by a God of Death. Slowly, he starts killing off criminals under the guise of Kira ('Killer'), becoming more and more like those who kills in the process. The storyline is incredibly amazing and faithful to the original mangas, while the artwork is absolutely perfect. And the music and English vocals are a perfect match as well. As a result, this is one of those animes that even people who normally don't like cartoons can get into.  On these four further episodes, the mind games between L. and Kira continue as each tries to ratchet up the intensity. Light (as Kira) has already forced L. to reveal his identity to the Japanese police, but L. is already beginning to suspect that Light IS Kira. Now Light has to deal with surveillance cameras and bugs in his room, as the task force, led by L. of course, spies on him. And worse yet, the fiance of Ray Pember (the FBI agent Kira killed) confronts Light with evidence that could reveal too much about Kira's powers. How can he get rid of her without knowing her real name? The plot continues to thicken with this DVD.  So if you enjoyed the first set of episodes, you won't by disappointed by the further (and even more complex) mindgames between L. and Kira. The intensity juts keeps getting better and better with each part of the saga released. And once you make it through this outing, you'll eagerly be awaiting volume 3!
 The four episodes comprising the second volume of DEATH NOTE remain as gripping and intense as the first volume.  What I really enjoy about these episodes is that each one really tries to develop and expand the story.  Never does the story stand still or simply mark time.  Light becomes an increasingly dark character (a not unintentionally irony) as he begins to use the Death Note in more indiscriminate fashion.  He barely retains any regard for human life, instead more concerned with setting up a world that he can mold in his own fashion.  The most horrific episode is certainly the one where he strives desperately to learn the name of a woman on his trail so that he can use the Death Note to kill her.  Most animated series are based either on comedy or on action.  DEATH NOTE has to be the first one based primarily on reasoning.  Significant portions of each episode revolve around Light or L talking about their own strategies or tactics or figuring out those of their opponents.  I can think of another show that takes critical thinking so seriously.  I think this is at least part of its wide appeal.  It values the brain to a degree that few other shows do.
 It is definitely worth owning this entire sereies.  I have watched it all, and me as well as many top review sites can put this series in the top 5 anime out there.  I say this for those who were like me and couldn't wait for the rest, go to youtube and type the deathnote ep (insert # here).  33 episodes are uploaded so far.  for the rest, just got to google video and find them.  Enjoy.
 So this isn't as great as the first Disc...it still rocks.  The episode where Light tries to fathom the ex FBI agent's name is great.  These episodes are less action packed but no less intriguing than the previous.  I was wowed several times during these 4 episodes.  Verdict
 This show will keep you involved an in suspense the whole time you watch. I recommend getting this. I wish that Naruto would come out as fast as this show because it is up there with Death Note. I am going to keep on getting all the episodes that comes out. This is as addicting as Heroes.
 i have finished this entire series and i must say that i liked it alot. many people who do not like this series feel so because the way the series wraps up, unfortunately the ending of death note was slightly disappointing, but overall this show is great and im still going to buy all the dvds
 The history is very interesting, you first think is, ok some body kill a person writing his name in a book.. interesting but... they can not make a long history of that, the answer is yeha they can, and they did, i recomended it.
 This extraordinary video lacks about a relationship of the repertory of pieces performed by Maestro Andres Segovia. I detail them next for all those that are interested
 This is a good movie based on a real life story.  Sugar Valentine is the perfect example of "po pimpin'.  He lives in a one bedroom or possibly a studio apartment.  There is no food in his kitchen, he is even eating instant oatmeal.  His only hoe is blind (no joke, she is blind), and in the beginning of the film his hottest hoe, Naomi leaves him alone.  Sugar isn't mean, he isn't frightening.  He even writes poems--yes a pimp who writes poems and reflects on his life and feeds ducks.  Sugar comes from a long line of pimps, and his daddy is in the hospital very ill.  Sugar tries his best to pay his fathers hospital bills.  Sugar is a bum.  He has a nice car, but his look is all wrong for the pimping game--now his brother has big muscles, flashy car, well groomed and a nice spot to rest his head.  His brother is doing good in the pimpin game.  The story takes an interesting turn when Sugar gets involved with a renegade how that has no pimp and claims she is on the streets in LA looking for her runaway sister.  A very good film, even though it was low budget, it was awesome in my eyes.  The story was very well told.
 For my taste this is movie for oscar award definitely! &#1058;rue pimp story buddy, got this and you will not regret.
 High quality movie, this would agree several! The good stuff here is that this is based on true story, i recommend this one!
 I am big fanboy of this kind of movies and i must say - from now this is my favorite! Strongly recommend to everyone!
 sugar valentine was not pimp material, and yes i have a bunch of pimp movies but overall it was a good view and worth the price.  sugar valentine brings po' pimpin' to reality... that's all i can say about him but there was drama and some more in this movie and if u like pimp flicks then this is one u should see; however sugar valentine will lack the glamour u seek in such films. since it was based on a true story it makes it all more the interesting espcially since they have the real sugar valentine appear at the end
 Even for the non-opera loving public the name CARMEN is immediately recognized as an opera by Bizet about a gypsy girl whose capricious loves destroy men.  But as much as the opera is now considered a staple in every opera house repertoire, the real story of the wild gypsy lass as created by Prosper M&eacute;rim&eacute;e in 1845 has never been told as well as in this cinematic version by the abundantly gifted Spanish director Vicente Aranda ('Juana la Loca AKA Mad Love','Amantes', 'If they tell you I fell', etc.).  Incorporating the author of the novel as a main character seeking the story of Carmen from one of her lovers - Jos&eacute; - provides just the right vantage for the story of this famous gypsy wild lady to be told.  Carmen (the amazingly beautiful and talented Paz Vega) works in a cigar factory in Seville, a factory adjoining the military station where the very proper Jos&eacute; (Leonardo Sbaraglia) is stationed.  Carmen is tempestuous and in a fight instigated by a fellow factory worker bringing attention to the fact that Carmen is a gypsy, Carmen murders the co-worker and is arrested.  Jos&eacute; is physically attracted to the voluptuous Carmen  and when Carmen flirts with him he consents to allow her to escape - his payback is the promise for a night of passion with Carmen.  Carmen keeps her pact, providing Jos&eacute; with his first sexual encounter, and Jos&eacute; is doomed.  His lack of military discipline results in his losing his rank and being imprisoned for a while, but at his release Jos&eacute; encounters Carmen again, kills a fellow officer, and in fear runs off to the hills to live with the smugglers and gypsies that are Carmen's people. Many incidents occur to try the passionate bond between the lovers, but when Carmen's real husband is released from prison, destructive behaviors take over, behavior's that include Carmen's infatuation and affair with a bullfighter and the passion of Carmen and Jos&eacute; comes to a tragic end.  One factor that makes the story (as adapted for the screen by  director Aranda and Joaquim Jord&agrave; move so well is the role that Prosper M&eacute;rim&eacute;e (Jay Benedict) plays
 i had to buy it after seeing it, i knew it would be a great movie since i had previously seen LOVERS & MAD LOVE both by Vicente Aranda, all beautifully presented with very well acted scenes and excellent taste music spots and of course Aranda's always honest and interesting style that shows historical movies without hypocrisy, that's why i also bought THE BORGIAS and would buy all of Aranda's movies.
 I've never got to see Carmen on stage, but I always heard is a wonderful opera. I saw this movie and I bought it right away no questions asked. I just loved it. It was a very passionate movie and I just loved the fact that it was all in Spanish. BRAVO!
 This is an extremely lush period piece, set in the early 1800's, that is modeled on the original novel that served as the basis for Bizet's opera. A Franco-British travel writer meets a strange bandit Spain, a seeming man of honor who shows mercy and a civilized intelligence, promising the writer that he will tell him his story if they meet again. This leads to one of those wonderful improbable adventures that is perfect for a film.  Assuming that the reader would know Carmen's story, I will not attempt to avoid ***spoilers***. The thief, it turns out, was a serious young enlisted man in the Spanish Army, an inexperienced naif. In the adjacent cigar factory, Carmen disfigures a woman in a brawl and the soldier allows her to escape. This leads to his humiliation, their passionate involvement, and his descent into a hell of dishonor, suicidal jealously, and murder. The writer meets the man again in the city, and when he is incarcerated, he agrees to tell his story.  The acting is absolutely superb. Vega is perfect as Carmen, a creature of sensuality, manipulation, and lack of human emotion. She is a destructive force that the young soldier cannot resist, even as he recognizes what she is. The soldier himself is completely convincing as the fool who cannot stop himself and would do it all over again.  This is so believable it is agonizing to watch. Recommended with enthusiasm.
 obsession, Desire, Love, Lust, Passion, Sexy Love scenes that inspire. I LOVE THIS MOVIE!! I want to find many more like this Film and (Mad Love)Juana la loca.
 Although this is an old story played over, Paz Vega brings new excitment to it. It is truly entertaining and highly recommended. The seller lived up to his promise of excellent condition and timely delivery. Thanks
 Wow,   This is one of the sexiest women on the planet! You simply want o have sex with her continually over a 36 hour period! Have a short break and start all over again, smouldering hot!
 A very good telling of the story behind the opera, only, I missed not having the music from the opera.  Still a good story.  I also enjoyed Katerina Witt's Carmen On Ice.  I like the story.  Paz Vega WAS Carmen, I got her fire and her desperate life force.  Good stuff.
 I enjoyed this for a reminder of the power of the original story.  The lighting, atmosphere, direction, setting all convey the primaeval intensity of the relationship between Jose and Carmen better than the subsequent opera.  Not that I don't love the opera, but the opera involves our senses and understanding via the music, in spite of the story.  This movie involves us because of the story.  Did I mention that it is primal?  Yes, it is primal.
 The young boys of the Dinka tribe in the Sudan herd goats.  That's why they were not in their village when the murderers came in the early 1990s.  They had to flee. It was a long and harrowing journey with little food.  Many of them died.  And yet many managed to cross the river to Kenya and make their way to the refugee camps.  Ten years later, they had grown to young manhood, sharing a sense of family with the other refugees. In 2001, sponsored by various Christian groups, 4000 of these boys came to the United States.  This is that story.  We meet them first in the refugee camp where they hope to be chosen to come to America.  Then we see them on the big airplane.  A half dozen are sent to Houston.  Others are sent to Kansas City and a other states.  We watch them learn to cook on an electric stove, shop in the supermarket, and attend church services.  They stand out, even among African Americans because their skin is almost coal black.  One of the boys in  Houston gets a job in a factory.  He sends money back home and also buys a car, which he needs to get to work.  We watch him take his driver's test, fail it, and then receive tickets for driving without a license.  His small salary also pays the rent.  One of the boys goes to Kansas.  Here he enters High School as a junior.  We see him among his (mostly white) classmates and see him try to make friends.  He tries out for the basketball team, goes to parties and feels lonely all the time as he is so very different from those around him.  We see all the boys meet at a YWCA summer camp, where they go swimming, sing songs from their homeland and share stories about America.  They were all surprised how hard it is to work and go to school and pay the rent.  It is especially hard because they do not have families and are completely on their own.  This film really succeeded in showing me America through the eyes of these Sudanese boys.  They all work hard and are pursuing the American dream.  And they miss their homeland too.  I found this film fascinating.  Don't miss it!
 For anyone unfamiliar with the plight of the numerous lost boys of Sudan, I really reccomend you check out this powerful, compelling, cautionary and very educational film, that looks at two young men who made it out of the turbulence of their country and were able to make a life for themselves in the United States.  The Lost Boys consist of some 200,000 (or more) young Sudanese refugees, orphaned, left orphaned and alone in the African nation of Sudan.  One connection out of the poverty and desolation of their country, is if they are able to obtain sponsorship through church-based programs in the United States.  The two boys profiled in this film were recipients of this sponsorship.  While one journeys to Texas, to seek out work, buy a car and also attend classes at the local high school, the other's journey takes him to a small (predominantly Caucasian) town in Kansas, who attempts to integrate himself into a foreign, and a culture for which he finds himself, both, daunted and isolated.  I believe everyone should see this film, and, in fact, I think it should be implemented in the high school curriculum as a pre-requisite for all students.  It is important that we all receive an education in the personal struggles of refugees, like these two young men.  This film only scratches the surface, into this subject matter.  There are so many important stories, like this, that need to be told!
 A FABULOUS INSIGHT! A SPECTACULAR FIND!  i am a realist in terms of movies, and i prefer documentaries and foreign (as opposed to u.s.), films. this provides me with more rounded experience and insight into the world than the fiction-told stories of movies made in america. this movie was a chance find since i had a gift card to a store nearby.  the sudanese refugees have a heartfelt story to be told, and fortunately some folks from cali decided it should be shown by following around two main characters who are refugees of the dinka tribe from sudan. a group of boys were granted refuge in america, and they were followed and filmed for the first yr they were here. the films shows you the problems refugees face when given sanctuary in america. lots of people may think its wonderful and they should be thrilled to be given this opportunity but i guarentee after watching this you will be wondering whether they are actually better off here or back in sudan. of course some of the basic necessities that we have in america as opposed to what they were used to in the refugee camp in kenya may be an improvement in their lives, but the struggle to have and keep these basics is extremely difficult, when you dont speak the language very well, are not accostomed to the society, people, habits, and culture of america. prime difficulties were interaction with others, as one character was in kansas city where he stuck out horribly among the mainly white folks of the area, and how he made friends, was able to attend school, and find employment, though occasionally being discriminated against. the other character stayed in houston, where he found the black people there were much lighter skinned than he was and he did not feel comfortable when going out, because of feeling like he was constantly being stared at by anyone and everyone for his differences.  this is a fabulous film and should be watched and reviewed by more than just me and the other person who reveiwed it, who also gave it 5 stars.
 after reading What is the What by Dave Eggers, i had to try out this DVD. it was amazing.  even my wife liked it.
 the delivery was very quick, quicker than I could ever image!And the film is a masterpiece that every human being should see and meditate on...
 I never actually received the DVD I paid for, from Amazon. Although I have emailed them numerous times to try and tell them this, I have never received a response. What a waste of money!!!
 This is one of the better episodes from the first season.  There are several things to like about this episode
 In regards to the uneducated 2.35
 This was one of my childhood favorites and I would love for my daughter to see it too. I am hoping someone who has a good quality copy can put it up for sale on DVD here! =)
 The product arrived in excellent shape- shipped via USPS- a dying breed, but better than when it was shipped UPS.  I had to return the first one since it was damaged in shipping.  I haven't watched the DVDs yet but I assume they are all okay.  There's nothing else to review since it is a known entity and if you are a Smallville fan this is a must.  I would have gotten the complete set since I think there may be things in there that are not in here but I bought each season separately already.  Enjoy!  And Amazon- excellent customer service.
 When a local blockbuster was going out of business, I was able to buy seasons one through seven from them. I was addicted and could not stop watching the episodes. I soon afterward found season eight online and a little later, season nine as well. I was long awaiting the release of season ten to see how the writers would wrap up the amazing show. I was very pleasantly surprised. It was fantastic. It was definitely a great use of some of my Christmas money.
 Hi I have purchased most of the series of Smallville and have enjoyed everyone of them the last series series 10 had a problem with the 1st DVD so I emailed amazon and they sent me a new series 10 and I returned the faulty series 10 then they re-inburst me the postage I give a 10 out of 10 to Amazon for the way they handle their Company Well Done It is a pleasure doing business with them and I will continue to tell my friends how good Amazon is Thanks again. Regards Kim Dawn dalzells Husband.
 I am so pleased with my order.  I am a huge Smallville fan and was pleased to finish my collection so quickly and easily.  The price was more than half that of most stores.  Package was still in plastic and brand new.  Another happy Amazon customer!
 One of the weekly tv shows I made a point to watch, will always be on my favorites list. I miss the show, but can't complain because they gave us ten awesome years. Thanks Tom W. And the rest of the cast for sharing you talents with us all. Take care.
 The creators of Smallville did an incredible job to tie up the season finally. I love the season and the last episode.
 This last season of Smallville was great. I love all the Smallville seasons. Getting this from Amazon saved me time and money.
 Well, it seems that they knew that the end was coming, but it seems that it was sooner than they wanted it to be.  I am almost finished with this season and it seems that somethings are being rushed, like Clark becoming the Clark Kent from the movies, instead of the confident person that he is.  All and all, I liked it.
 What can I say.  Good conclusion for such a long running show - one of my all time favourites.  Would have liked to see more of Chloe Sullivan as she was the link with the other super heroes and Clark.  Love the later seasons with the Super Heroes.  Little disappointed with the extra's in the box set, was hoping for actors interview, more interesting behind the scenes look after for going so long it would have been nice for the fans after following the show for 10 years.
 Loved it.In fact I finished watchin' Smallville sn 10 two days ago and now I want to watch it again.But I shall resist if only for a few days more,(savour the flavour).
 I have nothing but love for this show. I am sorry its gone. The way they played with the DC mythos and characters was pretty cool. I wish they had found a way to bring Batman into the fold. That would have been awesome. Season 10 is awesome and worth owning. Every Superman Fan should love this show. Seasons 5-10 are the best.
 It came in the mail really fast, which is nice cause it's an x-mas present, brand new! No complaints, happy client!
 One of the better shows of the past decade in my opinion, just too bad it had to end 
 I have been a fan of Smallville since episode 1. This season is particularly excellent though. Smallville has brought me so much joy over its tenure, and I will miss it, but I do think that this last season and the finale in particular really saw the show off well.  Thank you Smallville cast, crew and creators for an amazing decade of heart, hope and heroism.  z
 To me the show went from slow to fast and great, been waiting for this season to come out, I have now all of the seasons and i cant wait for this one to come out, I am tired of commercials and not being able to see the whole show. I get so into it and then bang a commercial boo. I think if you want all the shows you have do some shopping because sometimes you can find the show for cheaper if you know which store to shop at and if it  goes on sale get it, great show and it will be missed, I hope the stars do well when she go off the air good luck and hope it comes soon
 No matter what, Smallville had integrity. There was a specific vision in place from the beginning. Not a grand mapped out vision exactly, but an idea of a show that charted the journey of Clark Kent from naive farmboy to Superman. Slowly over the course of 10 seasons they evolved the characters and true to their word gave us Superman in the end. Through production and cast changes Smallville always told fun stories that looked great (especially for a WB/CW TV show) and were exciting.
 Smallville has always been one of my faverote shows of all time. I discovered it back in 2004 when it first aired on ABC family, and has loved it ever since. With each season, we see clark getting a year closer to becoming superman, and now in season 10, we see that happen. In season 10, clark must put away his fears and deal with the darkness within before he reaches that point of becoming who he is to be.   The one thing that truely stands out in season 10 from anything else is the cemistry between Clark and Lois. In the first five seasons, Clark was intrested in Lana. That was good for the time being, but I feel that Lana should have left the show after season 5, so that the Clark/Lois connection could have started eariler then it did in season 8. I hate thhat the show is ending because I feel that it will end with several cliffhangers because of the events that have already unfolded.  I don't want to give to much away but I will say that season 10 is the best season ever.  Edit
 I have been a fan of Smallville since it premiered back in 2001 and I knew there will be a day when the show will end and unfortunately it has come and gone. However, thanks to DVD, I can always "Hold onto Smallville by watching these DVDs and re-live and cherish the final season of the show for the rest of my life. Smallville fans, I highly recommend that you buy it to complete your Smallville set.
 Perhaps this might help should you be considering acquiring the Blu-ray release of <a href="http
 the final season of smallville was an excellent tribute to the series as a whole. bringing back tons of favorites for its conclusion. each episode really pushed Clark into becoming Superman.  I only have 2 problems with it
 For the last ten years we watched Clark Kent, becoming boy to a world's legend.  In the show, we made a promise that their would be no flight and no tights.  For the last season, Clark Kent is ready to wear the tights and fly.  He's been through a lot of obstacles that will help him become the greatest superhero for a long time and that will make him a legend.  We watched Clark Kent develop the seven major powers for ten years, the strenghth, the speed, the x-ray, the heat, super-hearing, leaping, Super-breath and flight.  Seeing the finale where Clark Kent wearing the superman suit and flying made it look like he was ready to fulfil his destiny.  We knew he was ready, but Clark Kent himself knew when he was ready to take on the mantle.  He was ready for it to fulfil destiny and wear the superman suit.  Trust me this is how a boy becomes superman.
 I am a huge superman fan. I am a huge smallville fan. I can't put into words how happy this season made me so if you liked the previous 9 you would have to be outside your mind to not watch this. watch it. do it. doooooo it. THANK YOU SMALLVILLE FOR 10 AMAZING SEASONS!
 I'm going to miss new Smallville episodes. All I know for sure though is that I'm glad the show went out with a bang.
 Tom welling punked out! they should have let us see the superman suit on him, we waited ten years for this one moment. great show! now for ten years as superman. lets get the next superman series rolling with tom welling.
 As an avid Smallville fan - this series doesn't disappoint. Though it has been long and drawn out out for "Superman to appear - the background stories have been very well written and only a couple of episodes out of the 23 are "not up to scratch".  Cant wait for Series 10!
 The end lives us with the expectation that the stories will transform into "SMALLVILE THE KENT'S",  and a real good chance of a more realistic  superman when it comes to manage the transition.
 The blu-ray has a great image quality, in a compact casing. The holding of the disc is firm, yet easy to remove, not requiring lots of disc bending while trying to do that.  Can't judge the episodes itself, as only my sister has seen them
 like i said before is better when the images appears that words in fiding the episodes  was to difficult for me i have to ckeck all the episodes to find the rigth one, thats why the images you go right to the correct one.
 This was awesome! So sad it is not continuing.  The special effects were outstanding and the plot was right on target.
 Just thrilled the heart of a 12 yr. old. Was the best gift she received for her birthday. Loved it
 Enjoyed watching the Final Season despite not seeing the entire seasons since Season 5.  Loved the wedding and the finale!
 THE TENTH SEASON WAS ALL I EXPECTED AND MUCH MORE. THERE WAS PLENTY OF FEEDBACK ON THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES AND THE PICTURE QUALITY AND SOUND WAS OUTSTANDING. HOWEVER ONE OF MY DVDS IN THE SET DOES NOT WORK, A VERY DISAPPOINTING OPTION FOR ME. IT WAS THE LAST TWO PROGRAMS ON THE DISC. WHICH IS FRUSTRATING WHEN YOU WERE LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING THE SEASON FINALE ONE LAST TIME. I HOPE THEY CAN FIX THIS OR AT LEAST REPLACE THE DISC. OTHER THEN THAT IT WAS WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND TIME WAITING FOR THE ITEM. I WILL CONTINUE WITH AMAZON.COM AS THEY ARE VERY FAIR WITH ALL THE ITEMS I HAVE BOUGHT OVER THE YEARS.
 The final season of "Smallville has been really awesome! Love everything about this show, especially Tom Welling and Erica Durance's portrayal of the iconic duo, Lois and Clark.  I hate to see "Smallville end, but I'm really looking forward to the final episode, the beginning of Superman's journey.
 Why does this get released on November 29th? They usually release Smallville in September, if someone can tell me why I would greatly appreciate it. However Samllville was one of the best shows on television along with Supernatural, Psych, and Mad Men in my opinion. As a Superman collector for years and years I was very happy that this show was able to wrap things up without being cut short. Smallville quite frankly means a lot to me and I refuse to believe that one season was better than another, it's a very large character arc and some lulls are to be expected when a character is developed from beginning to end (or at least the end of that particular chapter of development). Even after Michael Rosenbaum left the show after season seven they didn't panic, they still worked hard and gave it's audience something worth their time.  The only thing I wish they had done and I know that it was impossible but I would have loved to have seen it at least once would have been Clark meeting a young Bruce Wayne. I just think that would have been really really awesome, but it wasn't possible and I'm not sure it would have worked in the plot line. Tom Welling will forever be my envisionment of Superman/Clark Kent and he even without being a hardcore fan of the Superman mythos just continually knocked it out of the park episode after episode. I would just like to say thanks to him for being awesome.  The real reason you would want to buy this is simply to finish your consumption of an epic story, a transformation from man to legend, from hero to superhero. I wasn't sure how they were going to tie up everything after ten years worth of plot to integrate into two hours but they succeeded in grandiose fashion and I wasn't even slightly disappointed. A very heartfelt thank you to everyone associated with the show, on my end it has been a very fun ride and this show will be sorely missed.
 This series is the best series if you want to see how superman grew up and how the Justice League of America came about.  This series keeps all the movies, the comics and the series with George Reeves, in check.  The only complaint that I have with the series is that they bought Lois Lane in the series too soon.  Remember, Clark only got to know Lois when he left Smallville and went to Metropolis to work for the Daily Planet.  Other than that, that is the only complaint/negative complaint that I have with the show.  So sit back and enjoy the show and even this is the last season for the show, hopefully it will the best season ever and leave an opening for The New Adventures of Superman!!!  Who knows!  Enjoy the show.  Best of lick to this winning series.
 10th Season, Show 2 (September 24,2010) Sadly Zod is gone and Lois has already taken off to join Perry White in Africa to search for clues concerning the Red Queen (Martha).  Come on girl you've got the strongest, kindest and best looking guy on the planet (and beyond) and you leave? Isn't it time to deal with committment?  
 I've seen every episode from Season 1-9 and own all 9 seasons. I can't wait for Season 10, even though it's the last season.
 I have to give the cast allot of credit pulling these stories off.The story lines have been so oddly reinterpreted from the original timelines of the Superman Comics as to be nothing short of  a distorted vision of the writers, there is much I have disliked about this series yet I have purchased every season of the series. I am a long time Comic reader and superman fan think 40 plus years so yes I know my timelines.  My wife swears she will scream if she sees Clark walk to the rescue yet again. I am hopeful that the suit will go on and this retarded version of Superman will fly if not then I say damn the writers and producers for stringing this out for so long just to end the series with a watered down poor boy superman.  Sometimes I think I watch it just for the pain and disappointment. I know Tom Welling must be dying to fly already I mean common 10 seasons already writers knock off the bull!
 Ok, this review is for the AMAZON PRICE, not the actual show... Currently the DVD set is 53.99 and the Blu-ray is 44.99.  I realize both prices are subject to change and the pre-order guarantee and such, but...  Blu-ray cheaper than DVD? That's just crazy.  *Minor changes made to review to reflect that price can change, and to not unfairly impact the show's rating based on this review.  I love the show, I just could not justify purchasing the season from Amazon when the prices were as they were when it was released.*
 What the hell??  The show doesn't start til this Friday.  I'm sure this season will be epic.  Based on the teasers seen on TV, looks like Clark will become Superman.  But what is up with that photo.  That has to be photoshopped.  Look how huge Clark's hand is and the direction his arm is heading.  just looks weird.  Totally looking forward to this season.  But seriously Amazon...pre order already???
 The best season ever. The show is just fantastic. Long live the best TV show ever.
 I'm not someone that knows the Superman mythos.  I'm not familiar with all the DC Comics characters.  I did watch a couple of the Christopher Reeve Superman movies as a child and so I know the basics of Clark Kent, Lois Lane and Lex Luthor, but other than that...I know nothing.  And I'm glad because I think this is what makes it easier for me to enjoy ALL of Smallville.  I had no expectations and thus I was not disappointed in the overall story of Smallville. The story that I was always interested in was, of course, Clark Kent.  Let's face it...this story is about him and how he deals with life and with his destiny.  That's it...and to see him struggle with it all was refreshing to see, at least to me.  He wasn't this perfect being that knew where his place in "history was...he had to figure it out which is where all the drama of Smallville began...Clark "dealing with life...which included over protective parents, a first love (Lana Lang) who could never quite trust him, a friend (Lex Luthor) that became a life long enemy, a sidekick (Chloe) that was the best friend he could have ever had but who also lost a little bit of faith in him, a fellow superhero (Oliver Queen aka Green Arrow) that tested his morality and always fell short, and last but not least...my favorite...Lois Lane...the unlikeliest person for him to fall in love with but who believed in him...or in Smallville storyland...the Blur...more than anyone else did...even Chloe.  That's why in this Smallville version, Clark tells Lois...you were always the one that I needed.  Her complete trust in what he represented is what he needed in this story to meet his destiny.  This may not be IAW the Superman mythos, but it's darn good storytelling and I have loved every minute of it.  I will be sad to see the series end because I could watch Lois and Clark played by Erica Durance and Tom Welling, banter back and forth and save the world for many, many more years to come.  There are few series in TV land today that match the storytelling of this series.  Thank you Smallville for some many great stories that I will continue to watch over and over again.
 MAJOR SPOILERS FOLLOW  The tenth season of "Smallville is a tremendous ride to a stirring final episode.  It is a great sendoff overall for what is arguably the finest television series of its entire genre.  Beginning with "Lazarus, the season propels Clark on a fantastic journey. Pulled back from death in the season premiere by Lois Lane, the love of his life, Clark must face a freakishly cloned Lex Luthor, played extremely well in the premiere by Mackenzie Gray.  Additionally, Clark must contend with the knowledge that an evil supernatural being known as Darkseid threatens to dominate the Earth.  John Schneider also returns in the first episode as Johnathan Kent, Clark's departed Earthly father, now a spirit guide for him.  The season's second episode "Shield, is an important show for the Suicide Squad, Amanda Waller's corrupt fighting force.  The group of radically violent superhero supporters comes to the forefront as the primary villains in the early half of the season.  The show also introduces the "Smallville iteration of Cat Grant, a latter-day "Superman character whom I first became familiar with through "Lois and Clark
 I've been watching Smallville since it's premier on October 16th 2001. Lets be honest folks, this series started out so strong, it just wasn't really Superman like... in the beginning. That doesn't make it bad tho, it all comes together in due time. Character development on this show has been superior to most other shows. I put the characterization level to Joss Whedon's Buffy
 This review is more for season 10 itself.  I think after nine seasons, after starting off in one place and really taking the series (and its characters) to places fans probably never thought it/they would go, expectations for the tenth season were undoubtedly sky high and in my opinion that's why a lot of people have given some negative reviews about some parts of the season.  The only episode I allowed myself to have any real expectation for was "Finale.  I've been through this before; The seventh season of 'Charmed' and a good portion of season eight was fantastic, but my expectations to tie up so many loose ends that final season let me down.  Same with Buffy and Angel ... So I promised myself I would not create any expectations in my mind of what the final season should be.  I approached it like it was not the final season.  Doing that allowed me to enjoy each episode (some were not as good, admittedly, but every season of every show has its weaker episodes).  I'll give the writers and producers (and especially the cast) credit; they really do CRAM A LOT in these twenty-one episodes ("Finale is two hours).  Annette O'Toole and John Schneider (Martha and Jonathan Kent) make touching returns; John Glover's return is absolutely chilling as he reinvents Lionel as a nemesis, not the soft(er)-hearted sometimes-villain he had become prior to falling to his death at the end of the seventh season.  James Marsters rocked as Brainiac 5, and Laura Vandervoort's episode, though one of the weaker of the season, showed a Kara that had grown since we'd seen her last.  Callum Blue's return as Zod (who know ruled the Phantom Zone) was one of my favorites.  Appearances in "Finale by Michael Rosenbaum (always fabulous as Lex Luthor) and Aaron Ashmore as the real Jimmy Olson.  Most of all I was happy Allison Mack came back for six episodes, book-ending the season with Chloe sacrificing herself to save Oliver and playing a solid role in the finale, as it should have been.  I'll admit I was a bit ticked that Mack did not sign on as a regular for the full season, especially considering she was lasted longer than any other cast member on the show (except Tom Welling, of course), but ultimately I think it was fitting.  After years of taking a back seat to Kristin Kreuk's Lana Lang, Mack really proved her worth during seasons eight and nine as the show's female lead.  Chloe Sullivan had more real character development in those two seasons than seasons five, six, and seven combined.  It was fitting, though, that she step aside and hand the role of female lead to Erica Durance (the best Lois Lane ever, in my opinion) for the final season.  Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen) and Cassidy Freeman (Tess Mercer) were brilliant in their roles; Freeman really rocked this season and held her own in a scenes with with Michael Rosenbaum and John Glover.  Though seasons eight and nine are my favorite, season ten is awesome and I highly recommend it.
 Smallville recently concluded it's 10 year run in May and while the final season itself wasn't the best of the series it did have many super moments, particularly the amazing Finale that would have been more amazing had we seen Tom Welling in the suit.  However, Smallville has never looked or sounded better, for example, the Finale episode looks way better than any HDTV rip it is clearer and the main reason to own this besides the great 1080p video is the DTS-HD audio which is a first for the series on Blu Ray. The DTS track sounds unbelievable, it's loud, completely fills the room and is the best way to enjoy the final season of this awesome show.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
 There's a lot of criticism concerning the ending of this series like it ran out of gas, Welling punked out, etc.  When this series was just a few seasons old, the point was made that this show would not be about Superman, the suit, flying sequences, etc. Rather it's about Clark's long journey and evolution to his eventual destiny. With that being said, a hearty well done is in order for all that was involved in this incredible series of the greatest comic book hero ever.  All was done tastefully and in the true Smallville tradition. I'm gonna miss it, but thank God for these DVDs.
 I discovered Smallville in its 3rd season. I could not wait to go back and see the first 2 seasons. It has been my favorite show of all time. The writers have done a good job with keeping the story going and not bringing things out too quickly. I have all 9 seasons and can not wait to get that final season. The one and only flaw of the whole series is when they killed off Jimmy olsen at the end of season 8. Other than that, the whole series is great. I really loved the way they wrapped everything up in the final episode and finally all the superman elements were there.(Except JImmy Olsen)I will really miss not having a new episode to watch every week, but I guess all good things must come to an end. I will enjoy watching them on DVD.
 DVD Features
 This DVD collection of Smallville wraps up a ten year run of this popular series.  Loose ends throughout the series have been wrapped up and concluded.
 Smallville
 Every season of Smallville has been wonderful. I am sorry to see that number 10 is the last season. The series had wonderful young actors, especially for a television series. I just hope the actors can go on beyond Smallville to have a successful acting career. Thank you.
 I loved this series and really didn't want to see it go off the air.  This last season was one of the best.  It was the perfect ending to a ten year run, each disc makes you relive the last moments of this spectacular show.  The Blur and Green Arrow, made this show a must see for me. I think it was more of a science fiction series than your usual Superman, with all the special effects, aliens, and new gadgets they introduced all the time. Of Course, there was the romance between Clark Kent (Tom Welling) and Lois Lane (Erica Dorrance) that developed much further in this series than any other movie or series before it, they were the best episodes of all, especially the fact they let them finally get married.  This disc set of dvd's is great, beautiful picture and sound, it arrived before the delivery date, and in perfect condition.  I am very happy with this purchase.
 A perfect ending to a great show!! Even though the show was coming off a weak season 9, season 10 really stepped it up. The return of Jonathan Kent and the Luthors it really was a season true fans can appreciate!! The only bad thing was the company Amazon got the set from. Warehouse Detail buyers beware!! The case was broken and the box was actually cut on the back. The packaging was way to tight causing even more damage to the box. The dvd"s were fine, but if you want a perfect box set, make sure you buy from another sellar!!
 Arrived well in advance of promised delivery and was new as described. Played all episodes without issues. I have enjoyed the entire series and would recommend the Smallville series to any and all who like Superman. While the story does not follow the same exact story line as the movies is follows well enough that you can enjoy this take of the legend of Superman. My biggest regret is that the series is finalized and there will be no more Smallville from this group.
 5 star rating for the series as a whole. Sure there were ups and down, the worst being the doldrums of the mid-series' Lex and Lana years (such a waste of Rosenbaum) but overall this has been spectacular. I grew up reading Superman comics and watching various TV and film adaptations and as much as I loved Christopher Reeve as Superman I have to say this series is the best take on the mythos - and I just spent the last few months watching Smallville from start to finish. Every show has it's dogs, but when Smallville was firing on all cylinders it was spectacular TV. And since this is the set-up to a boy becoming a man it truly is the journey and not the destination that is important. We all have our quibbles, I would have preferred Zod or Lex being the main villain in the final season, but when you see most of the abysmal dreck churned out on TV these days I'm happy with what we got here. To the critics on Amazon who said, "That's it? in regard to the last SHOT of the series, clearly, they didn't get it. Yes, that's IT, and real Superman fans will not only get it, but they'll love it.
 Smallville has been one of my favorie TV shows. They did a fantastic job of bringing everything full circle and tieing it all together.  What a fantastic ending!
 Not much we can add to what has already been said--but we wanted our five stars to be counted and so we leave this fairly useless review.  If you've watched all the previous seasons, this is a must of course!  LOL.
 as always, beautifull presentation, outstanding packaging, and the content, well.. is smallville... preety funny audio commentaries in 2 episodes, (i could really use a couple more audio commentaries, but that's just me), i really recommend this purchase.
 A highly recommended item, awesome quality and the a really interesting argument. The only think I don't like so much was Darkside, besides that it was worth making the purchase.
 I am only writing this review now because I was overseas when the last season aired on television, so I i've only now finished watching it. The show over it's ten years was great. While some say season ten might not be the best, I think every season had it's ups and downs. The only things I didnt like about season ten was Chole kept dissapearing for a few of the episodes, and we didnt get to see any of the Justice league guys come back for another team episode. All the returns of the past characters was great and it really helped the show have a nice conclusion. The finale as a whole was amazing. I had to watch it twice on my rental disc. Such a tear jerker and epic finish. Though they didnt show clark just standing around and talking in the suit, they showed him in it and flying which everyone has wanted since the show began. I started watching this show when it came out in 2001 and its hard to believe that it's actually over. I wish they would make a straight to dvd movie of it, but that's probably only wishful thinking. Either way, I will get the complete set on blu ray whenever it comes out and watch the whole show again many times over. Thanks Tom Welling and company for such a beautiful story of superman...now if they only get the new Snyder supes film right, I wont have to be sad that this show isn't still on the air!
 I was so happy to receive it in time for Christmas. My husband loves smallville and I was pleased by the cost of this item. service was great. Thanks
 We've always loved watching Smallville and to finally own the last season is great. It's a great series that my husband and I love to watch together.
 Season 10 was a great way to end the series. The 2 hour finale was terrific but I would have liked to have seen more heroes from earlier seasons in the finale. It is interesting to see how the actors have changed over the 10 years. Darksied was the perfect villian for the final season.
 I thought this was a great end to the season. Brought pretty much all the opening to a close. Wish the series didnt have to end though. Not much else to say.
 This item was exactly as shown, great deal and awesome customer care. Using Amazon from here on out for many more purchases.
 I got a great price on this final season of Smallville DVD set.  The item arrived quickly and was exactly as described.  Very satisfied and would definitely repeat.
 This season box set completed my whole collection of this television series. If you love Superman, I highly recommend any of these DVD's. This season completes the whole transition of the character and has so many extra heroes if you love DC comics.
 The last season of Smallville is extremely well done.  All the loose ends are tied up and some of our favorite characters return.  It is much lighter than season 9, with sweet story lines and happy endings.  I love it!!
 as per title, it has to be good. Lasting 10 seasons is no fluke. Plus its in high def. Also, its Superman, the superhero of all superheroes. Ya.
 For 10 years Smallville was a show I looked forward to and tried never to miss.  Some of the years were better than others; years 5 and 6 are particular standouts for me.  Some of the episodes were better than others.  All-in-all this last season did not disappoint.  The closer the end came, the harder the episodes must have been to write.  There are few instances in these last years of TV Dramas which showcase the development of a strong,young repertoire of characters.  The final season was a fitting prequel  to the original concept of SUPERMAN.  Adios, amigos, SMALLVILLE's conclusion as left a hole in my TV schedule, but I can revisit the series at will with the dvds.
 I love it!!! It was the best. It tied up many of the story lines. I hated to see this series come to an end but man what a ride. It was great.
 For the price it was amazing to receive something so cool.Whoa wow cool fantastic excellent dudes I am totally please for sure yall know.
 this product came to us in great condition and the price was great. we love smallville we enjoy watching an episode a night before bed. also another good Christmas gift thank you
 We received this quickly and it was in great condition. We are completely happy with our purchase and we will definitely buy again.
 This was a Christmas present and it arrived quickly! Plus, he price was lower than I expected. Since this is the final season, it made a great gift.
 I love this show and season 10 is no exception. The only part I didn't like about season 10 was that it had to end lol. But the product was wrapped in a plastic wrap, signifying it was brand new. Awesome disc art. 5 out of 5 everytime!
 I bought this for my Sister which loves the actor who plays Clark Kent, Box set came in mint condition and works great. Completes her collection and she had not one issue with any of the discs.
 I have really enjoyed all the seasons of Smallville. I pre-ordered Season Ten and it was dispatached as soon as released. 10/10 for Amazon and Smallville!
 I have always been a smallville fan! The series started when in high school and I followed it until I started college and grad school. I just didn't have time to watch them so I bought the seasons when they came out on DVD and would watch them over the summer. I just recently bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend but it was for me as well 
 Ordered as Christmas gift.  This completed the series.  It arrived quickly and without damage.  Great to have the final one on Blueray.  It shows the progress of technology throughout the running of the series!
 I have to say it is that smallville season ten was amazing had me on the edge of my seat hrough the whole show every moment of it was great
 Wait for nearly a year for this season top be released and burned right through the episodes with my wife.  We wished that MORE DC characters would have made the last season but at least they mentioned a millionaire with tech toys (Bruce Wayne.)  Buy it!
 I have all the seaons except season 1, this was the last season and it didn't disappoint us. Smallville is a great series and we are sad it has to come to an end.
 This completed the small like set for my fianc&eacute; & he was very excited to have received it.  It was his favorite show!  I received it only days after ordering it.
 This show really held my interest as a fan of Superman, and, this final season really did a fantastic job of bringing the legend to life!
 The final season... but credit must be given to the show for wrapping up many loose ends this season and also for laying the groundwork for Clark to continue to grow up and become the Superman we know.  Lots of extra/bonus material too.  One can only hope that this cast will reunite for some Smallville/Superman/Superfriends movies down the road.
 Smallville was a fantastic TV series from the the very first episode in 2001. The show did nothing but get better all the way through Season 10. Smallville had outstanding special effects and its use of characters introduced on the show and actors and actresses from previous Superman movies and TV such as Christopher Reeve, Dean Cain, Teri Hatcher, Margot Kidder, Helen Slater and Terence Stamp as the voice of Jor-el was over the top. The final 2-hour Series Finale brought the whole 10 years together. The introduction of new stars such as Tom Welling, Kristen Kruek, Michael Rosenbaum, Erica Durance and Justin Hartley blended perfectly with more seasoned stars such as John Schneider, Annette O'Toole and John Glover. The use of the Superman musical score by John Williams and the new Smallville theme by Remy Zero completed the package. You don't have to be Superman fan to enjoy this DVD collection. I'm terribly sorry it's over but it set a standard for others to follow.
 Amazon is always the bomb. Srevice,price n quality above expectations. Favorite season of smallville by far. Watched all seasons n this one tied them all together.
 Great show, very good ending.Nice twists that are different from the comic. I would recommend this show to anyone. Suspenseful and keeps you interested.
 My son in law is a fan of smallville. He has the rest of the seasons on either dvd or blueray. This blue ray completed his collection.
 It was just GREAT! It was a gift to my husband and he keeps reviewing it over and over! Great buy! I will order again from AMAZON! Thanks
 If you are into smallville or superman this is a must see, totally loved it though my husband was not as impressed as I was
 This is the best season of smallville and it is even better in hi def i strongly urge you to buy this product
 Like some other reviewers, I also grew up with the original Superman. I began watching the Smallville series with a little prejudice. However, once I began watching the series, my attitude changed and I was hooked. Smallville, I think, gives us a little insight on what it was like for Superman trying to grow up as a regular kid. I would highly recommend the series.
 Smallville ends its amazing series with yet another season that I wish wouldn't have ended. With the exception of the 9th season and some of the Lana episodes (never did like her) I have LOVED this series more so than any other television series. Smallville Season 10 doesn't disappoint. I will miss this series a lot. At least I can rewatch the old ones!
 I own every season of Smallville on box set and am so looking forward to Season 10's box set as well.  This season culminated in the most satisfying series finale that I have ever seen on a television show to date.  As a fan of Superman since I was a little girl, this series from the start was refreshing in the fact that it was the journey of Clark Kent to become the Superman everyone knows and loves.  The finale definitely delivered, from the tights, to the flight, and finally at the end, the music that has raised goosebumps on every fan's arm since we first heard it.  Congrats to everyone who had a part on Smallville for a job well done.
 There have definitely been times in the previous couple of seasons where I felt like Smallville may have outlived its best years. But this last season really brought its A game back! I think my favorites will still be among the earlier seasons (I miss the wonderful friendship/threat of Michael Rosenbaum's Lex Luthor so much) but this one is very strong and I'm glad the series went out on such a good note.
 Excellent product. Great end to a great series. Well done to the writers who completely tied all the story lines from all previous seasons. Very well done!
 Ordered this final episode for my kids who are smallville junkies, it was a great series they already finished it ! Order was great and recvd in good packaging and way before the estimated arrival date
 this item shipped in the time estimated, and was exactly what i ordered. my husband was so excited to receive this as a christmas gift this year - now we have the entire series! 
 Season 10 is absolutely amazing.The episodes are funnier and more interesting than previous seasons.Clark Kent is the true form of a reliable and honest person and a hero.Smallville is the best interpretation of Superman on television.It does not only focus on Superman,It also focuses on the disguise of Kal-El who is Clark Kent.Can't wait to buy this DVD!
 I have watched this show from the very first episode.  I have truly enjoyed every episode of season 10 so far. I my humble opinion this is by far the best season.  This season finally made want all the seasons on dvd.  The sets normally cost 59, 48 or 42 dollars.  They were too pricey for me to catch up or so i thought. Thank God I decided I wanted the sets during the holiday season. I waited for Black Friday hoping for a deal. I found the perfect price and  acquired seasons 1-9 of this show from Best Buy on Black Friday for $ $9.99 each. Now I can watch this show whenever I want. This is still no consolation I will miss the show when it ends.  I  will also miss the actors that made this show great. I wish them the best in their future endeavors.  I will watch all the  seasons (especially season 10, if I can find it for $9.99 next Black Friday )with a smile on my face.
 The 10th, and final, season of SMALLVILLE was a refreshing mix of the old Smallville and the new. Tom Welling did some of his best acting in Season 10 as Clark Kent/The Blur and soon-to-be Superman! Clark finally morphed into a confident, mature hero that longtime viewers could see becoming Supes! And FINALLY Erica Durance was in EVERY SINGLE episode in Season 10 as Lois Lane! Welling and Durance as Clark and Lois were able to take their chemistry to another level and become the iconic couple. It may be "Smallville", but this version of Lois and Clark is going to be a tough act to follow!  In addition to Welling and Durance, Season 10 regulars included Cassidy Freeman (as Tess Mercer since Season 8) and Justin Hartley (as Oliver Queen aka Green Arrow since Season 6). And Allison Mack reprised her role as Chloe Sullivan in a limited fashion (appearing several eps throughout the season, including the finale).  Season 10 also brought back virtually all of the important characters during the show's formative years (Martha and Jonathan Kent, Lex and Lionel Luthor, Zod, Kara, Brainiac). These old characters served as a reminder of where Smallville came from and how it got to the point where it was, while still managing to move the story along.  The Season 10 story arcs are the arrival of Darkseid through the portal that was opened in the Season 9 finale when Zod and the Kandorians went to their new home world, the clone Lex storyline, and the VRA subplot. While I thought the Darkseid stuff was a mixed bag and the VRA pretty useless, the clone Lex story was the saving grace of the subplots, as well as Clois. Also, it was in the Season 9 finale that Lois realized Clark's dual identity so in Season 10, she knows all about him, but doesn't let him onto it until the right time.  Season 10 got off to a great start with the fascinating episode Ep 1-LAZARUS, a wonderful teaser as to Clark's future potential as Superman with an aging clone of Lex Luthor (excellently played by MacKenzie Gray) escaping a Luthorcorp facility and wreaking havoc on Metropolis and Lois Lane; Clark has to save the day in typical Superman fashion! Also, a lone surviving clone of Lex, the little boy Alexander, is saved by Tess from the facility before it is destroyed and this clone ages to several stages of Lex's life in future Season 10 eps. The ep ends with a heartfelt conversation between Clark and Jonathan's ghost (reprised by the esteemed John Scheider) and the entrance of Darkseid!  Arguably the best ep of Season 10 is Ep 4-HOMECOMING (also the 200th ep of the series), which has a sort of "Christmas Carol vibe with an improved, futuristic good-guy version of Brainiac (brilliantly reprised by James Marsters, who played the role in Seasons 5 and 7) taking Clark on a journey through his past, present, and future which leads Clark to realize his potential as Earth's savior. It also includes one of the best moments of Season 10 (heck, the series!) with a beautiful Clois scene at the end of a declaration of love and Clark floating!  Other early standouts of Season 10 include the underrated Ep 5-ISIS, a very funny, quick-witted ep which allows the 4 main cast members to all shine (really enjoyed Justin Hartley's work in this ep!) and includes semi-regular character Cat Grant (played hilariously by Keri Lynn Pratt introduced in Ep 2-SHIELD) and has yet another smashing Clois moment at the end with Tom Welling delivering an amazing speech to Lois! Also Ep 7-AMBUSH brings back the always reliable Michael Ironside (reprising the role of Lois' dad General Sam Lane) and Peyton List (again playing Lois' sister Lucy); both characters were introduced in Season 4, Lois' first season on the show. Ep 8-ABANDONED is a haunting ep where Clark, Lois, and Tess are forced to confront their familial demons from the past. Ep 10-LUTHOR is one of the top Season 10 eps with Clark accidentally going to an alternate universe where we again get to see Lionel Luthor (reprised by the great John Glover, who was a regular for the first 7 seasons), who in the alternate world raised Clark's evil doppel ganger Clark Luthor. Ep 11-ICARUS is the one where Clark proposes to Lois.  The second half of Season 10 includes the standout eps 13-BEACON (where the radiant Annette O'Toole returns as Martha Kent) and a teenaged clone of Lex (well played by Lucas Grabeel) seeks revenge on Clark. Ep 14-MASQUERADE is a funny, witty ep, the one where Clark realizes he must start wearing glasses to hide his true identity.  The last part of Season 10 goes out on a high note with a string of awesome eps! In Ep 16-SCION, the clone Lex story comes to an end as the teen clone (Grabeel again in a fine turn) turns out to share Lex and Clark's DNA and ends up as Connor Kent (future Superboy!). Ep 17-KENT is another best ep of the season contender as Clark Luthor returns sending Clark back to the alternate world where he meets none other than the alternate Jonathan Kent (reprised again by Schneider), a bitter man because the alternate Oliver Queen had mined farmers' land for Kryptonite in order to find a way to stop Clark Luthor. Ep 18-BOOSTER is a suprisingly entertaining ep with future superhero Booster Gold (hilariously played by Eric Martsoff) dropping in on Metropolis to steal Clark's thunder, as Clark must immerse himself more and more into the nerd-with-glasses persona to throw people off. Ep 19-DOMINION marks the return of Zod (reprised by the mercurial Callum Blue, who played the role all of Season 9) as Clark and Oliver travel to the Phantom Zone where the Kandorians have imprisoned Zod. Ep 20-PROPHECY is the pre-finale ep where Lois gets Clark's powers for a day and makes a shocking pronouncement at the end; Durance's emotional acting at the end of this ep and also at the end of Dominion is Emmy-worthy!  Eps 21 and 22 are the FINALE parts 1 and 2 (shown as a 2-hour episode originally) that includes Clark and Lois' wedding, Darkseid's attack on Earth, and the return of none other than Lex Luthor (reprised by the terrific Michael Rosenbaum, who brilliantly essayed the role for the first 7 seasons)!  In the end, I'd say SMALLVILLE gave the fans what it really wanted...Clark Kent becoming Superman!  Season 10 Regulars
 I liked the trial and how they led up to the end covering the marriage between him and Lois (how it keeps getting put off to go to the alter but they really are married in every sense of the word, Lex comes back, but I liked how he and Green Arrow had to face Darkside and his Fathers that meant the most to me, how he looked inside himself to become the man the world needs and knows later on (part of watching Superman should make YOU feel INSIDE like busting through the trails we all feel and how he faces it SHOULD inspire US in the Show.  We watch a show to have fun for an hour and get inspired right?,(sample it on HULU.COM) if you need to before you buy, but those of us that have the first 9 seasons mostly will get the 10th.  The end preps you for the TV series Justice Leauge they may make or Avengers, we all like different things, so just remember what one person says compaired to another is not neccisarily how you feel, so sample it on HULU.  I did not like the episode with the bug and Power Gold, but there was other ones I loved! And yes, they kill off 2 main charachters in the end! But I will not tell you who.
 Just when it is getting GREAT!  I can't believe that they are canceling the best show on TV!  Just when all of the terrific heroes such as Green Arrow, Hawkman, Aquaman, Flash and the others are only starting to come into their own they are taking it off the air!  (Although their Cyborg is VERY lame!)  Come on now.  Let us see the Justice League of America for real!  Let us see Clark and Lois married for a while!  The show is more popular now than ever I'm sure.  Warner Brothers and DC comics, please keep this show running longer.  Say another 10 years or so???  LOL
 It's been a long ride... and Clark has finally earned his tights, boots and cape! The world is ready for Superman, and Clark is ready for the huge undertaking this represents. We got to grow with young Kal-El, we went hand in hand through ten years of trials and new abilities... and finally he has come unto himself
 On my Son's Wish List so I imagine that he liked it. He now has all but #8 and #9. Thanks
 I enjoyed this tenth season very much.  I liked the episodes and how the producers wove past and present characters into the season.  I might have made some plot changes myself, but I think everyone has their own ideas about changes they would make in a series or movie.  That's part of the fun.
 Smallville is a great season, and I just hate to see it come to an end!  The item arrived in the condition that it was described.
 I am sad to see it come to an end. This has got to be the best season. If you have kept up with the story and every season up until now you will probably feel the same. I just don't want it to end but I know it has to. There are some really great moments in this final season and it is a nice epic conclusion to a really long running series.
 Very well put together DVD set. This Season Ties in the Smallville Story with the Superman Movies. Enjoyed all 10 seasons.
 Perfect!  Made my boys happy to be able to continue watching the series! Arrived in great ready to use condition.  Can't wait for the next season to be released.
 These are great!! A little dated of course, but who cares! Being a fan of shows like Forensic Files, American Justice and The First 48, it's interesting to see the things about police work that really haven't changed that much. These are some of the first shows to have been produced so they're not really as 'campy' as the ones I remember from the 60s and 70s.  And the subject matter is quite realistic, especially for the 1950s.
 Hostile Guns is a hoot ! Between George Montgomery and Tab Hunter in their scenes together,you might think something could be going on.Add in Yvonne DeCarlo as a love interest between the two men and it gets wild ! Her false eyelashes set  this cheapie western firmly in 1966 when it was filmed.I particularly love  it when George calls Tab "kid and he's at least 35.In fairness to Tab he never looks bad in a film.
 Fighting Spirit is one of the best anime out there. It is a must for any fan of boxing or even anime in general.
 This show has quickly become one of my favorite anime. It is a great take on the underdog story, with fun characters, touching moments, loads of laughs, and amazing action!
 This is a good movie based on a real life story.  Sugar Valentine is the perfect example of "po pimpin'.  He lives in a one bedroom or possibly a studio apartment.  There is no food in his kitchen, he is even eating instant oatmeal.  His only hoe is blind (no joke, she is blind), and in the beginning of the film his hottest hoe, Naomi leaves him alone.  Sugar isn't mean, he isn't frightening.  He even writes poems--yes a pimp who writes poems and reflects on his life and feeds ducks.  Sugar comes from a long line of pimps, and his daddy is in the hospital very ill.  Sugar tries his best to pay his fathers hospital bills.  Sugar is a bum.  He has a nice car, but his look is all wrong for the pimping game--now his brother has big muscles, flashy car, well groomed and a nice spot to rest his head.  His brother is doing good in the pimpin game.  The story takes an interesting turn when Sugar gets involved with a renegade how that has no pimp and claims she is on the streets in LA looking for her runaway sister.  A very good film, even though it was low budget, it was awesome in my eyes.  The story was very well told.
 For my taste this is movie for oscar award definitely! &#1058;rue pimp story buddy, got this and you will not regret.
 High quality movie, this would agree several! The good stuff here is that this is based on true story, i recommend this one!
 I am big fanboy of this kind of movies and i must say - from now this is my favorite! Strongly recommend to everyone!
 sugar valentine was not pimp material, and yes i have a bunch of pimp movies but overall it was a good view and worth the price.  sugar valentine brings po' pimpin' to reality... that's all i can say about him but there was drama and some more in this movie and if u like pimp flicks then this is one u should see; however sugar valentine will lack the glamour u seek in such films. since it was based on a true story it makes it all more the interesting espcially since they have the real sugar valentine appear at the end
 My sons loved this DVD and I have a feeling we will be watching it for awhile.  The first thing that pops out is the CGI animation and how neat all the trains and everything looks.  Now my sons never really watched Thomas & Friends until the CGI animated films came out but I think the new animation really makes everything "pop!  As always the DVD features great lessons including
 This was a wonderful story which kept the kids in suspense and engaged till the last moment.It also had the wonderful ocean scenery and boats which are not part of the usual Thomas and Friends story-line. The kids loved this one... we give it a two-thumbs up!
 I think video reviews are purely subjective to the viewers (this one in particular applies to my 2-year-old son and myself) so everyone will have their own opinions whether or not the movie delivers proper messaging or morale or deemed educational. In my opinion movies are made purely for entertainment purposes, and I think that's what this Thomas movie accomplished. I don't expect a movie to necessarily teach my son anything, because that is my job as the parent! But it did what I expected it to do - entertain my 2-year-old for 50 straight minutes without a bother while mom gets her work done around the house! Interestingly enough, the TV series episodes can never keep my son grounded, he was always more interested in just the music videos and the theme song. But this movie kept his attention from even the previews (which I will admit, it is a bit annoying to have to skip through manually without the option to jump right to the main menu) all the way until about the last 15 minutes of the movie. I can replay this movie over and over throughout the day and the next day and he will literally sit there quietly on the couch and watch the thing! That's pretty impressive for my rambunctious toddler at this age!!  The CG animation is beautifully done with lots of bright colors (which I think is part of the reason why it catches my son's attention), and the the main theme song is very catchy. The story line itself is pretty good even I find it entertaining. The movie does portray Bash, Dash and Ferdinand as annoying and seemingly unfriendly characters (at first) which isn't necessarily discouraging, because we all know there are tons of annoying little kids on the playground in real life. But those are simply personalities, and Thomas found a way to befriend them and visa versa especially when faced with a challenge that requires them to work together. I think the story does do a great job demonstrating teamwork and problem-solving - two critical real-life skill sets for kids to learn. I personally really didn't find anything that was offensive or any negative messaging as some other reviewers have said...but again that's just my own personal opinion.  Bottom line is this was by far the best investment I ever made on entertainment for my son, and I just purchased "Hero of the Rails and "Day of the Diesels on Amazon. I'm hoping those 2 other movies will perform miracles like this one...I would be in heaven if he can sit still for 3 whole hours, it's every work-at-home mother's dream come true!
 Gave this to our nephew on Christmas morning and put it on while we had brunch. He loved it! The picture quality on the BR looked great. It also came with a DVD so one copy can go in his portable player and one can stay at Grandma's house. He loves trains so it was the perfect gift for him.
 My boys (3 & 5) have watched this DVD twice since we got it this afternoon.  They have been talking about it for months and have been waiting for this day with great anticipation.  They were not disappointed.  I have not watched it but I am not sure if the previous reviewers were writing on behalf of a toddler or if they were writing an adult's opinion of the movie.  I can't imagine a toddler boy no loving this movie just as much as any of the other Thomas movies.
 We will gladly be adding this new movie to our Thomas Collection. We rented it yesterday on its release date and the boys (aged 2 and 4) love it. We will be buying it this weekend.  Reviews from an adult perspective are great if your sitting down with a group of adults to watch it ;) but seriously... If your with a child who loves Thomas they will likely love this movie. Noted in previous reviews about to much rhyming leave me laughing and wonder if they have seen any other Thomas movies or shows. Because they would know this is nothing new. I will say it is different for typical Thomas but refreshing.... considering as many mothers know we will sometimes watch these over and over with our children and something new is greatly appreciated.  Imaginative play from both my boys were in high gear AFTER the movie and we played "Misty Island for over an hour with trains and tracks. Very fun and look forward to owning our own copy.
 My 2 year old loves all things Thomas! We borrowed Misty Island Rescue from the library and he was upset when it was time to return it. So, we bought it! He asks to watch it all the time!
 This DVD got us through a 13 hr road trip with my 2 yr old.  I also had the opportunity to memorize every line...
 We first saw this via Netflix and decided to buy the movie and some of the trains for a special suprise for our son. He loves it, and at an hour long, it worked great on the airplane and on the ride to the airport. Be aware - you will have the Misty Island Rescue song stuck in your head for days after viewing. Not really disappointed with anything here, although like all smart producers, the ending leaves you searching for the next movie.
 My son LOVES trains.  He lives and breathes trains.  That said, we used this video as a "reward on his potty training sticker chart. We bought the Golden Book version first and he loved the story so much that I ordered the BR video that night and it arrived in 2 days.  He flipped for the video and has watched it about 20 times.  the quality of the video is amazing.  We have other Thomas videos but none are BR and it looked great.  Some of the characters are not my cup of tea, and I am not a fan of the way the engines sometimes dialogue w/each other (as with other Thomas videos and the TV show), but I knew I what I was buying.  This is a kids movie and is a solid hour of entertainment for my son.  We even put the regular DVD in the car and he never seems to tire of it.  If your child likes Thomas, then I highly recommend it.
 We purchased this for our almost-4-year-old, and he loves it! He is very interested in trains, especially those that can talk.
 I don't like most of the older Thomas shorts, but this was really pretty good and my son loved it. I would recommend this movie. Plus it is the new animation.
 Our 3 year old boy, already a Thomas and Friends fan, absolutely loves this video. He wanted to watch it over and over again. The music, we think, is the biggest draw for him. But he also loves the story and all the characters. In fact, he's just about got it memorized. He takes his Thomas and Friends trains, re-enacts the movie, and sings the songs from memory. He especially loves it when Daddy joins in and impersonates the Misty Island trains. We highly recommend it.
 My son really enjoyed receiving this video as a gift. He went right to the dvd player after opening it and watched it.
 My son loves Thomas the tank engine.  When we were on vacation in Montana (middle of nowhere) he fell in love with this movie at his cousin's house.  I decided to order it for him to watch in the truck on the way home.  I ordered it 3 days before we were to leave and had it two days before we left.  Amazon Prime shipping is FANTASTIC!  He still watches this movie at least twice per week.
 I bought this for my 2 year old son. He is a Thomas fanatic!!  He loves it,he will watch it over and over and over. Good graphics,fun story,new characters. This arrived quicker that I expected, in excellent condition. And the best part I didn't have to spend time at the store.
 My 3 year old loves this movie- and I do too! The animation is fantastic, and there are some superb emotional moments- like Diesel almost falling into the ocean! =o The Misty Island banjo music is really adorable, and it's residents (Bash, Dash, and Ferdinand) are pretty okay too. As one reviewer mentioned they DO have annoying voices (like all kiddy characters)and lack substantial character development. But I love how they brush off Thomas when he's being... abrasive... as he is known to be. All in all, good story. I do wish Thomas would be reprimanded for egging on Diesel at the beginning but... I digress. 5 stars!
 Great move if you have a child that loves thomas and friends. My son has lots of thomas movies but watches this one the most. He will get all his thomas train and play on the floor trying to copy whats going on in the movie. He just loves it. Great buy.
 bought this for child and he loves it.  the combo package is the way to go.  can keep one in the portable player and one at home...
 My son is a Thomas fan watches this DVD frequently.  The story is captivating ...even I ended up liking the movie.  I'm glad I got it!
 My son loves the movie, I love how fast we recieved the movie & it was in Great Shape!  THANK YOU!
 My 3 year old son LOVES this movie, so it gets a raving endorsement. He now imitates Ferdinand's "That's Right and can recite Thomas' mantra, "I make good decisions, that's what I'm told. I will not be fearful. I'll be brave and bold my son loves this movie and his parents did as well. i highly recommend for any kid that loves thomas the train.
 Our boys love this DVD and watch it constantly.  Would highly recommend getting the Misty Island Rescue Play-n-Go playset from Fisher Price.
 Very good movie, it holds my 2-year old sons attention fairly well.  He calls it the "helicopter movie.  Good addition to your Thomas collection!
 I purchased the dvd as a prelude to the Misty Island train set.  He loved the movie and he was extremely excited on Christmas morning to get the train set.
 I have several Grandchildren and they LOVED this from start to finish, age 2 to 7. They have looked at it over and over.  <a href="http
 My Grandson LOVED this movie. He watches it all the time and now wants the Misty Island train set to go along with it.
 Bought this for my Great Grandson and he loves watching it, he has a lot of fun out of Thomas Items, this is a Great Product, Great Seller......
 My 4 and 2 year old boys love the Thomas movies.  Not much else to be said about this I don't want to ruin the story for you and if you have more than one Thomas movie you know how much they like them
 Available as a single DVD or as a Blu-ray with DVD combo pack, Thomas & Friends
 Excellent addition to the Thomas Series!  My son loved the action and adventure that this movie portrayed.  Sir Topham Hat even did a little dance!  So if you have a Thomas lover in your family this is a great purchase.
 My 2.5 year old son loves EVERYTHING Thomas. When he'd watch his DVDs in the car and the Misty Island preview would play, he would get excited.  So when this DVD arrived in the mail a big smile was plastered on his face!  I immediately played the DVD and he was glued to the couch straight through.  My wife and I were watching him and during the more suspenseful scenes we could see the emotion in our son's face. SUPER CUTE!  He was just as worried for Thomas as was Sir Topham Hat. Great buy... and Amazon even refunded me $2.00 because the price went down prior to shipping.  Thanks Amazon!
 My son loved this movies, watch and watch...again, again. And I think this movies are good for kids. Nice movies.
 My three year old son was WAITING for this to be released!  It was very hyped up, and it was a great movie.
 for my grandson who is 2 1/2 because "Thomas and everything on Sodor, is what he's all about right now. So I can't really comment on Misty Island Rescue at the moment. I am positive that it will be popped into his DVD player upon opening it Christmas morning. Yes, he can fully operate the player all by himself.
 This was purchased for my 4 year old son. He has watched it several times and I watched it with him. We both enjoyed this DVD and can't wait for more to be released.
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for our Grandchild and couldn't wait to watch it.  Loved it and would recommend it.
 Our young boys love this movie.  The story-line is entertaining, the animation is much better than I was expecting, and of course it includes everyones favorite Thomas & Friends trains.
 I bought this for my grandaughter for her 4th birthday and she loves it.  The first day she watched it 4 times!  She has always loved her brother's Thomas books and played with his train sets as well.  She'd gotten tired of Thomas on tv, so buying this was a gamble.  One that turned out a winner in the end.  I have yet to see the whole story, but it definitely captured my grandaughter's attention and heart!
 Vol. 4 of the Tenchi OAV's is arguably one of the best tapes in the entire series, just for having  The Night Before the Carnival  on it, and more specifically, the very naughty, very kyoot, Nurse Washu! and the  infamous  Magic Fingers  scene. While the dub version is well  done, they heavily censor this scene and the translations turn out *very*  different, making the sub version a must have for any serious Tenchi fan,  although it's not exactly appropriate for younger viewers. That aside, both  versions are hilarious as always, and are worthy of even the most cursory  anime fan's dollars. Go get it!
 As a huge Tenchi fan that grew up watching it when Cartoon Network actually showed cartoons and Toonami I really really enjoy Tenchi Muyo! It's ashamed to see that it is not as popular as it was before but things change but let me get back on the actual DVD,  It's has 4 Episodes from the 1st Tenchi Series which is the OVA and not any of the other ones that you may have seen or encountered (like Universe or Tokyo) it's starts off with Tenchi trying to get into this cave but his grandpa (who is actually the runaway prince of Jurai, Yosho) forbids him. In a comedic twist he ends up getting the keys to the cave and from there he meets a mummified Ryoko who his grandpa Yosho defeated long ago. Now Tenchi being scared leaves the cave but takes with him the sword named "Tenchi as well. Later on he meets Ryoko rejunvinated and looking sexier than before wants revenge on Tenchi since she as she puts it "wants revenge and doesn't care whether he is Yosho or not. Tenchi in another comedic twist cuts off Ryoko's hand and "defeats her". Even though she lost, she has the ability of rengeneration so her hand is okay. In the end Tenchi returns home to find a nice surprise in store for him in his bed. ;)  The next episode basically introduces Ayeka, Sasami and Nobuyuki (Tenchi's Dad) but I won't go and summarize it since people probably want to see it for themselves. Anyway, this DVD only has four episodes but is much much cheaper than the actual OVA boxset, which is about 100 dollars here on Amazon, so if you want to own the OVAs I'd recommend buying these DVDs instead but overall, if you're a fan of the Toonami anime classics like Dragon Ball, One Piece and Outlaw Star then you'll love Tenchi Muyo!  5 Stars out of 5! (I'd give it 10 though. 
 I think this was a great video. It was funny and nicely done. I wont spoil it for you but get it if you have seen both tenchi and sailor moon.
 This is the first REAL dramatic episode in the Tenchi Muyo series, but  it's one of the best!  While in a hot springs Ryoko is telling Ayeka about  how she watched Tenchi grow up when a super villian named Kagato shows up  out of nowhere and takes controll of Ryoko's mind!  Tenchi challenges him  to a battle but quickly looses.  Yosho shows up just in time to stop Ryoko  from hurting anyone but can't do a thing to stop Kagato from taking her  with him.  Yosho reveils that he is Ayeka's big brother from the plant  they're from, and said that Tenchi is destinded to be her wife!  But first  they must get Ryoko back from Kagato!  With the right amount of action,  drama, and of course, humor makes this a Tenchi episode worth getting!
 A spinoff of Tenchi Muyo and a spoof of Sailor Moon and other  Magical Girl  animes, Pretty Sammy is the story about a  Magical Girl  who is embarrassed to be Pretty Sammy and has the  cutest sidekick ever
 The Mihoshi special was really good but it was way too similar to Journy Through Time and Space(Tenchi Universe.) Ayeka was again supposed to marry Tenchi and that's the last thing most of us would want to see. I wasn't too happy about seeing Washu as a bad guy. The episode was not bad...don't get me wrong, I just expected a new plot.I reccomend this video for TENCHI fans and non-TENCHI fans. It is good.I love Ryoko in this episode especially because she's adorable! Enjoy the video^_-!
 My children loved this video.  This was actually a gift for my niece who watched it and wanted it.
 My two year old grandaughter absolutely loves this DVD.  She wants to watch it every day and never seems to tire of it.  She's learned some pretty cool dance moves as well.  If your child is into dancing and/or the Wiggles, this is a great purchase.
 I took my 2 year old daughter to see the Wiggles this past summer and she had so much fun at the concert so I was looking for a good concert video for her to enjoy. This DVD does not disappoint. She was so excited when I first put it in and she still watches it every day (two months later). If you are looking for a DVD like their TV show then this is not the one for you. Overall this is a great concert DVD and I would highly recommend it!!
 I am constantly looking for children's entertainment that amuses my son and doesn't make me want to jab needles into my eyes.  When I actually am amused and entertained, I immediately post a review on amazon.com.  This is the only time I have ever done so.  Buy this, it's fun!
 My 19 month old son loves this!  He watches the wiggles everyday and this is his favorite dvd.  When he is not watching the wiggles, he will try to sing and dance the songs by himself.  It is hilarious to see him suddenly break out into hoop dee doo when we are out at a restaurant.  The daycare staff report that he does his wiggle dance moves there too.  I don't like to let him watch tv too much, but I don't mind this because he interacts with it - singing and dancing along.  At the end, when they say bye to the audience, he is right there with them, waving and shouting bye bye!
 OH MY GOODNESS!  This is a 5 star DVD.  My twin girls love it so much they really don't mind watching it over and over.  It is a great DVD of a live performance for The Wiggles.  WE LOVE IT !!
 Very funny movie. I love it. Every actor, especially Akshay( who always rocks) were very good. I am happy that it's a hit.  What I liked about the movie
 Sing is king is a truly fun movie...  The opening scenes have Akshay doing some (probably very dangerous and exhausting) physical slapstick humor that is actually fun to watch ...the chicken and that wedding scene are a hoot .If you try to  see past the earliest slapstick opener and get to Egypt and then Austaralia, country by country you have a real evolving character that is becoming wiser and more heroic as the movie progresses . Happy slowly goes from  the village character to the accidental head (and later heart and soul) of the Mafia . With that plot vehicle in place you end up with some hilarious character evolutions as the mobsters are all given Karma makeovers . There is plenty of action for Akshay fans and a lot of humor and romance with a heart thrown in , remember this is a Mafia makeover movie so there are constant sidebar items of attempted hits from the other sides bad guys. Don't worry, by the end of the film you have all the main ingredients you need to walk away  with a smile on your lips a little chuckle still stuck in your head and some fun tunes that run through your brain for a week . I'm going to buy this one it was really that good. Thanks to the GREAT CASTING of this film it will be fun to watch the side plots again and again .
 This was a great movie. The plot involves some young teens who go on an a mysterious and amazing adventure. There are also quite a few bits of humor in the film for both adults and kids. There is also plenty of action.  This movie is rated PG-13, which surprises me, mainly because of the language. Apparently the word sh*t is not a profanity anymore. Just be aware of this if watching this with your kids. Other than that word being used repeatedly, it is completely fine for family movie night.  This movie really reminded me of the Goonies movie from the 1980's, except instead of a pirate theme Super 8 is centered around, well, I don't want to give it away and ruin it. You'll have to go see it for yourself. 5 stars!
 Super 8 is the best movie ever! With the action and mystery packed in it, it keeps you wondering what the monster is the whole time. Super 8 is a brilliantly though out movie where everything comes to life.
 as the title states ET revisited I watched this with my 7 years old and enjoyed it tremendously! No blood or gore and the story is awesome! I highly recommend this movie!
 There is no doubt that this movie was made in honor of Steven Spielberg.  J.J. Abrams and his co-horts say it in so many ways during their commentary and throughout the featurettes.  Set in a small Ohio town in 1979, a group of pre-teen friends set out to make their zombie movie on a super 8 camera. While filming near the train station, a truck plows onto the tracks and causes the entire train to derail. This train was carrying a life-form. A life-form that is captured on their film.  While the military come in to contain the situation, the kids discuss what they are going to do.  The movie is trademark Abrams - so many lens flares - with a strong mix of Spielbergian storytelling - focus in on a group of people thrown into extraordinary circumstances.  Kyle Chandler does a fantastic job as the town's deputy. The other actors keep the interest between peeks at the creature.  Speaking of the creature, you never really get a good look at the thing. Even at the end, when you typically get the full views of monsters, things are kept in the dark. And that is because the monster really isn't the point of this movie.  There are critics who didn't like this movie because they thought it would be something akin to Cloverfield instead of focusing on kids. But this is a fulfilling movie in the spirit of when making movies and watching them were fun.  This is such a good movie. Like the Goonies, this one will be quoted for a long time.
 I grew up in the golden Steven Spielberg era of Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, E.T., and Poltergeist.  If you have read a biography Mr. Spielberg you will find out the story is based on his childhood.  During his early teenage years he used a Super 8 camera(amateur 8mm celluloid film) along with his best friends to direct, edit, and produce his own short films -- almost all of which played only in the kids family rooms.  This is exactly what the film's protagonist does -- (except, of course for the derailment of a super secret military train).  Now it is the J.J. Abrams era (with Steven Spielberg producing).  This film is a four star film with an extra fifth star because of the Spielberg nostalgia.  This film also reminds me of Stand By Me (another masterpiece) because it truly captures the mind of a 13 year old perfectly.  Its like a fountain of youth.. only with scary monsters.  J.J. Abrams is the new Spielberg.  This film, along with 2009's Star Trek are at the top of my "watch over again pile..  <a href="http
 The story was cool and thrilling. The adventure was captivating. The characters where all very well done. The actors, Joel Courtney, Zach Mills, Elle Fanning, Ryan Lee, Gabe Basso, and Riley Griffiths all did a great job. The writing, acting, directing, and camera work, as well as special effects where all 100% A+ I highly recommend this movie to all.
 I have been looking forward to seeing this movie for awhile now and have built high expectations in that time. Luckily, this movie meets those high expectations. This is one movie you should not miss. This movie will surely draw comparisons to ET and other movies but this movie can stand by itself. This movie is for a new generation so the thinking will be different. The acting in this movie is very good. The actors portray their characters perfectly and it looks as if all the actors are completely comfortable in their roles. I wish the acting from the children was a little better but it is passable. It is great to see how they view the world and comprehend all of the events. The directing from J.J. Abrams is great. He makes the movie flow nicely and doesn't rush any parts. Some scenes may be a little overplayed but it doesn't take away from the film. The story is not predictable with the exception of the ending. The story does include a few cliches. The story is, overall, well-written. The dialogue is also well-written. It does not feel like it was written by a 13 year old unlike some other movies. The action is great and well-directed. The action scenes are intense and the derailing train scene is great! The film has a nice pace to it so that it doesn't feel rushed or too slow. One problem I have with the movie is the ending. It is not very good and a little cheesy. Another thing is that I would love to know more about some characters. It would've helped the movie and I feel like we don't know enough about Alice's father. Overall, I recommend that you see this film and form your own opinion. Just make sure that you do not know too much before going in. Super 8 is a great summmer flick with a good story. The film has plenty of good moments that make this one you will not soon forget!
 Clearly co-producer Steven Spielberg and writer/director J. J. Abrams wanted to paint a picture-perfect homage to the former's great classics of the 70's and 80's.  This movie succeeds without qualification.  Set in the late 70's in a small Ohio blue collar town, a youngster tries to overcome the accidental death of his mother.  Joe (Joel Courtney) has a rocky relationship with his father and police deputy played by the always good Kyle Chandler.  Joe and his friends are making a student film using a period icon, the super 8 camera.  During the filming late at night they witness the crash of a train that has not only an unusual cause but mysterious after effects.  The crash itself is a highlight, even though railroad cars shooting into the sky like missiles seems highly unlikely.  Still it is well done.  During the events, Joe also begins a flirtation with comely Alice played with unusual tenderness by Elle Fanning.  Make no mistake this girl can act.  Their budding romance is beautiful to watch and one that most of us adults wish we would have had when we were teeny boppers.  The "monster in the story is kept from view most of the time ala "Jaws but he eventually surfaces and wrecks carnage all over town.  The ending is a bit tidy, but there is no mistaking this well crafted near masterpiece and was the surprise of the summer.  In a second viewing I saw the movie in IMAX. Is it worth the extra money?  No.  The film is obviously larger so we see more skin pores and blemishes, but it doesn't add much to the overall scale of the film.  While the film has an extraordinary train crash, and a violent alien creature, the movie is centered on the relationships between kids crashing puberty.  Joel Courtney as Joe and Elle Fanning as the slightly older Alice are terrific.  "Super 8 shows that a movie primarily about kids (making a home movie), doesn't have to be a "kid movie".  Let Jim Carrey and the Penguins cover that territory.  2-11-12
 I absolutely loved this movie.  It created such a realistic world and did it with no excuses or failures.  The nostalgia of the scenes, the plot and the acting truly made this movie.  If you have a good audio system, crank it to watch.  There are scenes that just come alive with both visuals and sound (no spoilers... ;)  )  The acting was much more than I'd expected from a teenage group of actors. Obviously thier direction was superb, but few would have pulled off what this group did.  If I had more than two thumbs, they'd all be up.
 Loved this movie - good for ages 10+.  The Goonies was one of my favorite movies as a kid, and this has the same combination of adventure & heart.
 I LOVE this movie! I saw it 3 times in the theater and twice since it was released on DVD! I'll say this right off to get it out of the way
 I rented this on a lark because it was $2. I definitely got a good deal on the entertainment it provided. Good special effects, reminiscent of Cloverfield at some parts. I'm not sure if I'd watch it again, but I definitely recommend having a look.
 Too gory for a kiddie film, this is nevertheless a wonderful picture dealing with friendships, both terrestrial and other. The creature is King-like (Stephen, that is). Very well done and beatifully crafted. 5/5.
 There are enough reviews here that explain the film and the plot. I just wanted to add what great movie this is for the whole family. At 48, I'm not that interested in kiddie films, but this movie is different. It was as fun for me as it was for my 11 year old. It delivers in the action department, but also has a great story line. Everyone is mentioning ET and Jurassic Park, but the movie it reminds me of most is Stand By Me (one of my all time favorites). Now, as for the Blue Ray quality, all I can say is WOW! I see things in the video that I totally missed in the movie theater. Sharp is not the word. But you'll see for yourself. Well worth it.
 First off, I have to point out that a lot of other reviews are saying this is a Spielberg film.  It's not.  It's a J.J. Abrams film.  He wrote, directed, and helped produce the movie.  Steven Spielberg is credited as a producer, and that is all.  So judge the film as you will, but don't label it as a Spielberg picture, because although it pays homage to the man, it's not HIS.  All of this being said, I found Super 8 to be a fantastic film.  I enjoyed all of the references, both in style and shooting, to past Spielberg films.  There really hasn't been a film like this since some of Spielberg's greatest (E.T., Close Encounters, etc.).  If you have the ability to listen to dialogue, enjoy a story, and don't have the need for "in your face CGI action every 3 seconds, then you might enjoy this.  It's a much more old-school style of filmmaking and storytelling.  The kids, especially Elle Fanning, are amazing.  The adult characters leave a bit to be desired.  All in all, though, it's an enjoyable movie from beginning to end.  If Amazon would allow half-star ratings, I would have given this 4 1/2.  I feel it's one of the best movies of this year, though, so leaned towards the 5.  Enjoy.
 I got this for a birthday gift and was really happy that I did enjoy this great flick! It has some really great acting and the effects were really well done! I will be rewatching this through the holidays for sure!
 I loved this movie (and that's what 5 stars means). It was just a great look at a bunch of kids stuck in extraordinary circumstances. It reminded me of something along the lines of E.T. or The Goonies (although not quite as epic). There were flaws, but overall, I enjoyed this movie immensely.
 A Five Star movie.  Absolutely - however I will be the first to acknowledge that this has it's own unique niche audience, and won't be for everyone.  This is a love letter to the movies of the late 70's and 80's, the movie of Zemeckis, Dante and yes, most of all Spielberg.  For in this feature J.J. Abrams has created a love letter to Spielberg's era of moviemaking, a movie that both celebrates and emulates the styles and tools, the moviemaking grammar, and particularly the tone of movies from that era. It's all that, but still wrapped in a story, one that has a set of familiar elements, but wrapped up in a new enough arrangement.  A bunch of kids in 1979 bond while making home movies with their Super 8 camera.  They are filming one night when they witness a terrible train crash.. but when the dust settles, there is something from the cargo of the train that has been released, and it is about to have a major impact on the town.  Scratch beneath that relatively simple skin though, and you'll find elements of the Goonies (bunch of kids coming of age through shared adventure), Close Encounters (paranoia, alien contact affecting ordinary small town folk), Gremlins (the black humour), and E.T. (adolescents coming of age in damaged families). And if this is an homage to Spielberg, then it's earlier Spielberg - the guns, deaths and occasional mild swear words aren't airbrushed out. It is very much a story first and foremost about real kids, living real lifes, and much less about the fantastic events happening around them.  Yes there is spectacle towards the end, but only as a pay off to the emotional journey of the characters.. if it's just the action or effects you want, you will likely be disappointed.  In fact, if there is any off note in the movie, it is the appearance of cgi - a very modern tool to tell an old fashioned story, and taking you out of the nostalgia trip somewhat. But it's not enough to derail the journey. It's not just the director; the look, the feel of the movie, down through sets, period detail and even the musical score, also celebrate that early 80's feel.  And let's not forget those lead roles - kids who actually come across as real, likeable, believable - the scenes where they have to emote, particularly Elle Fanning, are amazingly genuine, and the relationship between the leads is handled in a delicate way which uses visuals and acting more than it does clunky exposition or awkward dialogue. So yes, it is my own personal 5 stars.. Maybe it's too nostalgic to appeal to today's kids, maybe its too much about kids to appeal to today's adults.  But for me, I am just at that age that when I was young and impressionable it was Spielberg and Dante and the rest that stirred my own passion for movies, that made that first mark, that created those moments that would be my first love of cinema.. and it is precisely that feeling that has been captured and celebrated here.  This is what happens when movies about kids are made by mature filmmakers.  Watching it, I felt like that young wide eyed kid in the cinema again, and it was a glorious feeling.
 ... SO glad I didn't!  The acting is superb, especially the kids... of course it had a taste of ET and The Goonies in there, which I loved as well.... The story line itself might as well be classified "martian but it's a little aggravating you can never really see it - is that a spider or a ... uh... in any case, it kinda added to the appeal, LOL.  Also, typically not a fan of watching things blow up but this had really believable effects, in my opinion, sparing me the stupid godawful computer animation so common today... It really was a tense film, a sweet little puppy love story, sadness of loss story and then, well, a bit of a monster movie.  And your kids can watch it since it's not gory... I'd say 11+.
 I really enjoyed this.  It's got humor on alot of levels.  Very solid acting, considering the age of the cast.  Just don't take it too seriously as a sci fi movie. It reminds me more of Stand By Me or something.
 The first hour is very suspenseful. Well acted and shot. I would highly recommend this movie for anyone who is tired of "Yet Another Superhero movie.
 The actors were great.  I enjoyed the special effects.  The plot was interesting and well paced.  I had an enjoyable evening watching it.
 I would call it a naive monster movie. an introduction movie to the genera great for young teens. i wish i could have seen it in theaters. i think we need more movies like that.
 This is a very good movie.  I didnt know what was going to happen next.  The bonus of it was that it took me back to 1979 when I was a kid of the same age. I even liked the zombie movie at the end.  Great movie, must watch.
 We really enjoyed this movie. I am glad I purchased it. I would suggest this movie to everyone. So go ahead and buy it.
 SUPER 8 was many things
 This is by far the best film of 2011. It reminded me of movies like close encounters of the third kind, stand by me, and  the goonies. It had a 70's or 80's feel to it; you know back in the golden era of modern cinema that was shaped by the likes of GEORGE LUCAS, FRANCES FORD COPALA and the GOD of a man, the best film maker of all time who produced the film I am critiquing right now, STEVEN SPIELBERG. What more can I say except buy this DVD you wont be disappointed. The sound track by, Michael Giacchino is also great very much in the vain of JOHN WILLIAMS. Giacchino also scored such works as, JJ ABRAMS "STAR TREK and the upcoming "star trek sequel", "the incredible's", the show "lost", "ratatouille", "john carter and the video games "MEDAL OF HONOR AND "MEDAL OF HONOR 2", One last thing the kids in this could really act I am surprised none of them were up for Oscars especially Elle Fanning, who if you didn't know is Dakota Fanning's little sister.
 The kids in this movie can act WAAAYY better than most of hollywood actors/actresses combined. The scene with Elle Fanning made my jaw drop when I watched it in the cinema.  The train wreck scene alone is worth buying this bluray for. To me, this is not a kids movie. As for special features, they made it so fancy that it became annoying. They should have included a "play all function so I dont have to keep selecting clip after clip (each clip is only a few minutes anyway). In the end I just gave up and continued with another bluray (Platoon; which I also wrote about; awesome movie+bluray). Buy this bluray (Super 8). Platoon too.
 I Loved this Movie. It was Exciting it kept me on the edge of my seat. It took me back to my Teenage Years !!!!! Another Hit from Steven Spielberg. It is a must see. Excellent for Teenagers to Adults !!!!!
 Just sit back and enjoy.  If you want to be picky and a movie snob, you're sure to find something wrong.  Google "suspension of disbelief before watching this and it'll help a lot.  I thought it was great !!!
 Super 8 has a terrific premise with themes you'll recognize and may be tempted to label as borrowed - but done in a 100% original way.  Coming of age characters reminiscent of The Sandlot, Stand by Me, and The Wonder Years - I grew up with kids just like these. Nostalgic and real without being juvenile.  A story about the military and an alien that is every bit as enjoyable as Close Encounters and ET.  Wild-ride action a-la Indiana Jones and The Goonies.  No cursing and a less-is-more approach to the gore - think Jaws, Star Wars, and Independence Day.  The great 70's sets, haircuts, and costumes - Loved the convenience store and similar details.  That fantastic Abrams humor - shows up in everything he does. The boy-banter is so dead accurate, I laughed out loud more than once. I'll watch it again just to catch everything they say - I did the same with Star Trek.  The techno-heavy scenes are well done - they add to the movie without detracting from the feeling of watching a 70's story.  Bottom line - This movie is for those who want to be entertained for entertainment's sake. The overall effect far outweighs any flaws. Alone, with a friend, a date, or your kids - it's just plain good.
 Surprisingly better than expected, began a little slow, but after the movie elapsed a little, the movie kept our attention throughout.  Good drama and plot.  Overall a good movie.
 Loved the movie, keeps u on the edge and I love movies like that would recommend  the movie for watching.
 I didn't even know that Super 8 was a 'monster movie' or 'alien movie'. I just knew it was a new J.J. Abrams project. Since I am a fan, mostly because I am a fan, I made it to my viewing with little outside bias.  I'd rate the film at four stars, but the effects and extra footage included with this BD are quite enough to gently push this to push this film forward into the five-star shelf in my film library. Much like Star Trek, the cinematography and scoring are amazing. Much like Cloverfield, an amazing design of monster hits the screen like no other. But if you are in the viewing for this as a monster/kid-friendly movie, you've got an awesome bid you're looking towards. I say 'kid' with some variance of course, meaning those of age comparable to the actors, but I know some parents would disagree. The kids swear a fair amount, but it's nothing too terrible. And the clincher - the on-screen violence is very minimal. And that's rare enough in movies nowadays. But many parents will doubtless think of films such as E.T., the Explorers, Flight of the Navigator, et al. And should be more than enough to get the whole family to sit down as pass the popcorn.
 Super 8 is a really fun and exciting movie to watch.  Probably what sells the movie so well is the incredible acting by the kids in the movie.  The girl in the movie did such a great job as well as the boy, so the movie just sucks you in. I give it a thumbs up and is really worth a watch. Oh, it is a Sci-Fi movie so just know it is a little bit of a monster movie. Check it out.
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves this movie. She was so excited. The order came in quickly.
 I just rented this last night and it has everything a movie needs to be successful. It's exciting, touching,and thought provoking. It basically asks,"What would happen if the sweet little E.T. of 1982 had been bigger, captured, held prisoner for 20+ years abused and then gets lose? As an audience we are first scared with the the abundance of confusion and at the end we are angry at the inhumane humans and then deeply touched by the simple love of family that finally is realized. This movie is great for all age levels but if there are family members younger than 8, Mom or Dad should be there as support because it's got some graphic scenes.
 This was a wonderfully made movie that really immersed you in the time period it was set and care about the characters and the outcome.
 This is a great summer movie. It mixes just enough action and family drama. It's a simple movie that will more than likely become a classic TBS Saturday afternoon movie.
 I saw this film theatrically in the summmer of 2011 and loved it.  J.J. Abrams and Steven Spielberg have created quite a little gem of a movie.  PROs
 This was Spielberg at this best. This was a very fast paced mysterious plot that left you on the edge of your seat.Best of all though were the portrayals by the young actors, and the way they interact with each other to keep the plot moving. It has a lot of shock and surprises, and be sure to watch the trailer at the end. Super 8 is destined to become another Spielberg classic.
 I didn't know what to expect when we rented this movie.  The movie reminds me of a cross between "ET and "Stand by Me"...it has one of the best train wreck scene.  My two teenage daughters were glued to the screen if that tells you anything.  It's a good movie that the entire family can enjoy!
 Who cares if it resembles something from the 80's, thats what makes is awesome.  Goonies, ET, Jurassic Park even.  Best movies of all time are finally back!  This movie took what I loved about all those movies and make something AWESOME.  I've missed the pure innocents of those movies.  Now a day you have waaaaaaaaaaaaay to much special effects and trying to out do another trilogy.  I love it.  I feel like a kid again when I watch it.
 Super 8 - This movie is a cross between Stand By Me, and E.T. with some Cloverfield thrown in for some intense action. It has all the makings (and perhaps the pitfalls) of a `summer blockbuster' hit; tense moments, high action, laughs, drama, and over-the-top special FX.  At the center of the story is a group of young kids trying to make an amateur film for a film contest. I completely identified with this group of youngsters struggling for accomplishment and battling the forces that be to get it done. The young cast was considerably talented playing each of their characters to believable perfection. Quite a few reviews here had questions and negative comments about the alien and its motives. I think perhaps  they were expecting a Riddley Scott `Alien' type of movie. Like all `fantastic story' films, if you look too close you will find imperfections, that`s just the nature of the beast. In the end this movie was really about a group of kids forced to grow up very quickly when faced with a serious situation. I enjoyed this film very much. * Make sure you sit through the end credits to see the completed `Super-8 film' submission.
 The blu-ray combo pack of Super 8 is great. The video/audio itself is top-notch and the special features are really neat. AND the digital copy is actually a digital copy and not that UltraViolet bullcrap, so that's a plus. Super 8 is also a great movie, in my opinion. If you don't have a copy of this, I'd get it right away.
 I had never heard of Elle Fanning before seeing Super 8. Her performance in the movie impressed me so much I wanted to write about it. In my opinion, this movie proves she is a great actress and will hopefully have a long career in movies. Her acting is so believable and at the right times emotionally powerful. I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me. She is a real artist and I can't wait to see her next film. How can someone so young be so skilled at portraying and evoking emotions in others. All I can say is WOW! And, by the way, I don't think I'm in her demographic as a middle aged person.
 I absolutely LOVED this movie, haven't seen a film this good in years. It's absolutely a must-have for any dvd collection!
 Super 8 offered true enjoyment in forms I did not expect. Action, excitement, and otherworldly adventure are stock-in-trade for Spielberg and Abrams, and that expectation is what first drew me to the film. But those elements of the movie quickly became less and less interesting, even a bit burdensome, while other aspects emerged as genuinely engaging, delightful, and moving. Super 8 is a genuinely good and worthwhile film not for the elements one expects from Spielberg and Abrams but from those one does not. I'll be specific. The underlying premise of the film (which I will not reveal) which drives the basic plot and offers a whopping dose of the extraterrestrial unknown, but proves utterly predictable and if visually exciting, conceptually leaden, heavy handed, and, really, just inevitable. The same is true for the movie's themes, which come close to being gaggingly sentimental and simplistic as is often the case with a Spielberg project focusing on young people. But the plot, action, even the special effects really serve as a vehicle for the development of characters
 I gotta say this, and I HOPE it isn't a spoiler. The movie takes place during the Cuban Missile Crisis.  Perfect time frame for a creature feature in a small town with a railroad track running through it that connects directly with an Area 51 military transport train. That is a GREAT premise!!!  THAT along with the kids filming their own movies (just like Abrams and Spielberg did as kids), about zombies.  Very in line with the youth of today (if we believe YouTube and Entertainment Tonight)... at least that's what the movie industry will have you believe. I think this movie was a serious/humorous JAB at all of that crap. It's been SOOoo long since I've seen a movie like that. It's been a long time coming, and I thought it was GREAT! The movie is Abram's homage to Spielberg. From the floating lamp that we saw in Poltergeist, to the bicycle in E.T.
 This film worked for me on several levels, but for those of us who were budding filmmakers in the late 70s and early 80s, this was a love letter and a testament all rolled into one. At one point or another I uttered virtually every line those kids said while trying to talk my friends into my filmmaking exploits (though they were far more successful than I ever was at talking family and friends into the act). This film was beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, and aside from JJ Abrams's penchant to insert superflous lens flares into everything he makes, it was an outstanding snapshot of the era. A shame there aren't more movies being made like this these days.
 First off, I just finished watching an advance blu-ray copy of this film and the movie and blu-ray transfer blew me away.  IMO, this film is one of the very best of 2011 and if you are a fan of "old-fashioned type drama/suspense films that have to do with extra-terrestrial life and what happens to a small rural community in the late 1970's is truly a film that will stay with you long after the movie's end.  To give any more away would be a sin, so I won't.  The blu-ray video and audio is fantastic.  The aspect ratio is what appears to be 2.35
 I saw Super 8 at IMAX today.  LOVED it and want to see it again, soon!  I laughed, I cried, and I jumped up out of my seat 8 times!  It was a fun, fun nostalgic ride on an early summer afternoon.  The late 1970's music, costumes, location, and set props were right on.  Fantastic cinematography, sound design, and special affects.  Ahhhh, but this movie has heart in the story and in the acting.  Kyle Chandler, Elle Fanning, and the new young actor who plays Joe Lamb steal the movie.  This 'coming of age' story is set in a more innocent time, before middle schoolers began 'hooking up.'  The rest of the kids who make up the motley film crew are believably hilarious.  Each cleverly has his or her own specialty in film making.  You can only imagine a young JJ Abrams doing the same thing when he was a boy.  Super 8 is not the BEST movie I've ever seen, and the ending is somewhat predictable.  But it is the BEST movie I've seen in a long, long time.
 Super 8 is a remarkably entertaining movie, especially for those of us who lived through the '70's, before working class became coterminous with working poor.  If you missed that decade, the ambience provided by the old steel mill town of Weirton, West Virginia may seem implausible and a bit hokey.  The plot line is pretty simple, and I admit that it does invite comparison with another of Spielberg's films, namely the blockbuster hit E.T.  The parallels are not so close, however, as to legitimate the suspicion that Spielberg is just stealing from his past successes and recycling old ideas.  After all, the kids in Super 8 are older, the action scenes are astonishing, viewers are treated to a really cleverly done instance of a film within a film, and we've even got romance.  I have no idea where the kid actors came from, but they are very good.  Each in his or her own way is engaging and, for the most part, quite believable.  The kids are at their best when appearing in their own zombie-themed movie, so be sure to watch it along with the closing credits.  It's really interesting to see them portray kid actors making a kid movie -- stilted, stiff, and stammering -- after they've shown us that none of these afflictions of youth and inexperience hamper their performances in Super 8 proper.  Glyn Turman does a fine job as Dr. Woodward.  (He's probably best known as the mayor of Baltimore in the HBO series The Wire, and fans of In Treatment will also recognize him.)  The rest of the adult cast is adequate, but it's the kids who steal the show.  I first saw Super 8 in a theater and a year or so later on DVD.  I loved it both times.  It is, indeed, a lot of fun.
 I think of myself as extremely lucky to of been a little kid when I was in the 80s. It was the perfect time. I was experiencing first hand the filmmakers (and films) that formed my childhood (Spielberg, Lucas, Zemeckis, Dante, etc.) at the height of their powers. E.T., The Goonies, Back To The Future, Gremlins, Stand By Me, Indiana Jones, Star Wars, The Monster Squad, et al. Movies were magical. Going to them was an event. Standing in line was exciting. They stayed with you, and are still with you today. Sadly, that's been gone for a long time. Sure, there may be a summer blockbuster that's fun, but it doesn't have 'it'. Most are just empty, soulless CGI-fests that won't still be lauded 25 years from now. J.J. Abrams decided to do something about it. Let's get to it.  Set in 1979, we meet Joe, a young boy who just suffered a horrible loss. He lives with his sheriff father (Kyle Chandler) and has a few friends. One night, he and his friends decide to go out and make their own zombie movie. While shooting down by the train tracks, they witness a horrible accident as a truck collides with an oncoming train in a truly spectacular crash. Little do our little friends know that they captured what was in the train's cargo, and mysterious and strange things begin to happen in town. I'll just stop there and let you experience the rest.  "Super 8 is nostalgic and fun just not for the times, but for the type of filmmaking on display here. Spielbergian shots and lens flares, story over spectacle (although there is that), and real humanistic kids you instantly like, care for, and you want to see what happens to them. Back when kids were kids and they talked and acted like kids, just like those great films of the 80s. It was so refrshing to see this instead of the typical modern kids in movies who like so polished and like they just stepped off of the newest low rated CW show. These kids are from 1979, but I find them more relatable and interesting than anything I have seen in the last decade or more. Obviously, there is an homage to producer Spielberg here, and even though there is that, the film is still it's own movie. The fact that it appears to be a love letter to E.T.'s dad is not a deterrent. It's a great, new, original movie from J.J. wrapped in touches to Spielberg and other films from that era. And what touches. I can't say that I am familiar with Abrams' work. I have never seen anything he has ever done before. I will now! He is a director to be reckoned with here. The love and detail he puts into his scenes, characters, and era the film is set in, is so lovingly detailed. It's quite an accomplishment.  "Super 8 harks back to a time when these films meant something to the audience. Meant something to the kids. Nowadays, it's all about cartoonish CGI, 3D, and what young adult novels a studio can get their hands on and everything else comes after. Abrams and company were brave to make an original and secretive film and release it in summer. Brave to actually make it with heart, passion, emotion, and characters that actually came first. The ending and eventual outcome may not of been as great as it could of been, but that's okay. With a movie this lovingly skilled and well done in every other place, and the fact they we just got such a film like this in the first place, made up for it for me. It's not going to take away anything from the movie. The acting is top notch. These kids are great. These are the best set of kids I have seen in a movie in a long time. The actors, most of whom have never been in a movie, just shine. Kyle Chandler also does very well in his role. Ron Eldard is also on hand. More brave points to Abrams for casting the movie with no real marquee name star.  "Super 8 is an exceptional movie that really delivers what I was hoping it would. It's funny, sweet, adventurous, exciting, scary, and interesting. Is it too self indulgent in it's homages of films past? Of course not. A good movie is a good movie however it's told and made. It's a movie that we should embrace and hold dear because it's unlikely we are going to get another movie like this for a long time....if ever. Abrams and his cast and crew should be proud of the film they made. As a child of the 80s, this movie made me feel like a kid again. The first summer blockbuster movie I have seen in eons where I kept thinking about days afterwards. I really don't know what else to say except that "Super 8 is a gift.
 One of the things that make certain summers at the movies something more than just an endless stream of special effects blockbusters that promise a lot of bang for your buck, but in the end seem to offer precious little in the way of substance, is that sometimes there is that special kind of "blockbuster that has everything you could want, and something more.  And while that is becoming an increasingly rare species in the 21st century, every once in a while it happens.  SUPER 8, from writer/director J.J. Abrams, who directed the 2009 STAR TREK and 2006's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE III, is certainly one of those films for the summer of 2011.  Instead of going with a big-name cast, Abrams went with comparative unknowns, most of whom were young kids.  The film is set in a small Ohio town during the summer of 1979.  Several kids, including Joel Courtney and Elle Fanning, are in the process of making a zombie horror flick using Super 8-millimeter Kodak film when, one night, they witness a violent train wreck that involves a truck being driven by their biology teacher (Glynn Turman).  The accident is caught on camera, and they really think nothing of it...until the Air Force mysteriously moves in to seal the accident scene.  Turman warns the kids that if they tell anyone about this "incident", they and their parents may suffer some consequences too horrible to contemplate.  The local police, led by Kyle Chandler, get precious little cooperation from the Air Force guys, including Noah Emmerich, and there's a good reason why.  Back in 1963, Turman had been a member of the Air Force involved in an Area 51-type of alien encounter, and had tried to help the aliens which had landed on Earth with their spaceship; instead, the Air Force not only dismissed him but tried to destroy any and all traces of his work.  The end result is a film that has plenty of mayhem, both human and alien alike, but ends on a largely hopeful note (even though some may be dissatisfied with that kind of a resolution).  By setting the film back in 1979, Abrams bought us back to a world where Blackberrys, Blue Tooths, the Internet, and all other electronic communications devices either didn't exist yet or were merely in the planning stages, hence the presence of CB radios and the kids' use of Super-8 millimeter film for their proposed George Romero-type endeavor (and references, via posters on walls, to DAWN OF THE DEAD).  In many ways, SUPER 8 resembles THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT and PARANORMAL ACTIVITY in that Abrams doesn't make it easy for the audience to figure out everything in one bold plot stroke, though he does utilize several elements of his mentor's films CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND and E.T., in the way things go haywire and the power goes out with the aliens' presence (the aliens remain mostly shadow figures until the climax).  And as happens in E.T., the military and the law seem to be depicted in a much more sinister light than the aliens themselves (even with all the mayhem being caused), and the kids, including Fanning (who looks like a dead ringer for a grown-up Drew Barrymore), are far more sympathetic people than the adults.  The presence of such great 1979 hits as "Heart Of Glass (by Blondie) and "My Sharona (by the Knack) amidst Michael Giacchino's dramatic score give us a good feel of what it was like back in those days.  So even if the alien story part of the film is pretty much part-and-parcel of special effects blockbusters, it is what Abrams does with this plot that makes SUPER 8 more than just a blockbuster; it is a film worthy of comparisons to Spielberg himself, though not slavishly imitative of him.
 As a kid who grew up in the late 70's and 80's watching films like ET, Jaws and Close Encounters I was destined to enjoy this movie. For me to say that Super 8 is a nostalgic and entertaining movie would be true. To say that Super 8 is a J.J. Abrams tribute to Spielbergian cinema would be partly true. Partly. There are so many parallels to story, characters, time period and genre that's it near impossible not to immediately start making connections to which Spielberg film is being referenced in any particular scene.  That said, before I get into Spielbergia I must give J.J. Abrams his due as an original artist. Anyone who has watched American television the past decade knows Abrams can deliver solidly on story and character with series like Alias, Lost and Fringe under his belt. However, until now his feature film career has been rooted in existing properties like Mission Impossible III and the new Star Trek. Both highly entertaining and visceral films in my opinion. But with Super 8 being his first original screenplay for a feature film, in some ways this was uncharted territory for Abrams. But with someone like Spielberg as his collaborator and producer and Abrams litany of experience in film-making and storytelling its hard to imagine his first original feature being anything but what we would come to expect from him. Emotional, well plotted, well acted, funny and just plain entertaining.  Now that we've gotten that out of the way lets get to the fun part - the Spielberg parallels! Here's the ones I spotted, in no particular order
 Some kids in a small Ohio town are filming a movie when they witness a train crash. Mysterious things begin to happen around town and the kids are right in the middle of all the occurrences. This is a very exciting science fiction drama that is sort of a cross between E.T. and Close Encounters. The acting, the visuals and the sound effects here are all top notch, and there is constant excitement throughout. The movie can be a little intense at times, so it may not be for children. If you are looking for pure escapism, and a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat, this is the one.
 The film is wonderful, one of Spielberg's finest efforts. The fact that it didn't get released in 1979 (when it was made) is downright insane. But, after 32 years it has been released. It is a sci-fi story of a small town rocked by the mysterious after-effects of a model train's derailment amidst a zombie invasion. Simply a great movie to behold.  As for the format of Super 8, it certainly rivals VHS, and we aren't happy about it. Many have argued that VHS was not available in 1979, but that cannot be verified. MICHAELmATICIAN has released several Sound Units of/concerning VHS (and never Super 8) from 1979. MICHAELmATICIAN did not comment on Super 8 (the film) and neither has Spielberg. Perhaps in another 32 years someone will speak of this 1979 classic. (Hopefully not J.J. Abrams)  2.342 (Jeremy Shingles)
 This is a wonderful movie for many reasons. Super 8 centers around a group of kids in the late 70's filming a movie. However, after a major accident, the focus turns from filming their movie to trying to figure out what is going on in town. Things disappearing, animals acting strangely, and an outside presence entering town all let you know something strange is happening in the small quiet town of Lillian. During their movie-making process and investigation into the mystery, the group of friends becomes closer and even deal with issues that teenagers still face in the present. The young cast in the movie are all very talented. Joel Courtney leads the way (in his debut acting role no less!) as Joe Lamb, a teenager struggling to connect with his father in their single parent household. He also has to deal with his first crush and conflict with friends as he learns to become a leader and someone who can take charge in a difficult situation. His facial expressions are phenomenal as he displays a wide variety of feelings perfectly and is more than capable of delivering emotionally charged dialogue. Such a great first acting role, expect Joel Courtney to be acting for many years to come. Next is Elle Fanning, who plays the only girl (Alice Dainard)among the group of friends and who has troubles at home of her own. Look for an amazing scene between her and Joel in the middle of the movie where both showcase their emotional depth and may very well move you to tears. Riley Griffiths plays the bossy director of their film (Charles), yet is also capable of showing a more vulnerable side in Super 8 as well. Ryan Lee, Zach Mills, and Gabe Basso play the remaining 3 friends in the group (Cary, Preston,Martin)and each gets a chance to show off their comedic skills and add a lot of humor to the movie, especially Ryan. While the resolution to the movie (and the end of the mystery)may seem to come about suddenly, the message behind it is very meaningful and full of symbolism. Overall, a delightful movie
 Set during the summer of 1979 in a small town in Ohio, SUPER 8 revolves around Joe Lam (Joel Lamb) and his friends as they attempt to finish a Super 8 zombie movie for an upcoming Super 8 Film Festival.  While filming one night at the local train station, the boys and the star actress of their production are witness to and somewhat involved with a horrible train accident that unleashes a mysterious creature. Soon after, all the dogs in the town run away, people start disappearing, and all kinds of pieces of electronics and machinery are stolen. Oh, and the military has moved in and blocked off the area around the train crash. While watching footage that was shot on the night of the crash, Joe and his friends make a startling discovery. The boys attempt to finish their movie while at the same time solving the mystery of the alien creature.  SUPER 8 is a sci-fi movie that has very little to do with sci-fi. Instead, the movie is more of an action movie drama that's about relationships. The core of the movie is about the relationship between Joe and his friends. They are a close knit group of companions, but you know that after high school they will go their separate ways, perhaps some of them never to meet again. At the same time, you know that some of the friends will be friends throughout life.  Besides being a movie about the relationship between childhood friends, SUPER 8 is also a movie about family. The movie begins in an incredibly depressing manner with the death of Joe's mother, her funeral, and the immediate aftermath. After her death, Joe and his dad (Kyle Chandler) attempt to hold on while forging ahead; adjusting to the new normal after the death of a close loved one is extremely difficult. There's also the relationship between Joe's love interest, Alice (Elle Fanning) and her own father (Ron Eldard). In a completely different vein, there's also the budding relationship between Joe and Alice. Oh, and there's the whole thing about our own relationship as humanity with other creatures (in this case an extraterrestrial creature).  I really enjoyed SUPER 8. It's one of my favorite movies from 2011. The movie was directed by J.J. Abrams and produced by Steven Spielberg. I felt the film was a decent film on its own. It's a nice little story with some great moments of acting. However, what sticks out most about the movie is the overwhelming since of nostalgia that swathes every inch of the film like a college dorm reeking of potpourri incense. The movie isn't just a homage to the late 1970s and early 1980s, it's a full blown love song that blares out over Abrams's film boom box as he stands outside Steven Spielberg's office. There were a lot of movies made in the 1980s that were Spielbergian in tone or style. However, in the past twenty years, not even Steven Spielberg has made many Spielbergian movies. SUPER 8 resurrects the Spielbergian-style of filmmaking. The movie pays homage to a slew of other films (and in some cases outright steals from some)
 We went and saw this with the kids twice.  There aren't any huge stars in it.. and the story is sort of 'cheesy'  -  nevertheless the movie was just an awesome experience.  Everything you'd want in a sci-fi movie at the theater.  I'm sending this to my grandfather for Christmas.  He loves sci-fi and doesn't like a lot of gratuitous stuff in movies.  This is a great family flick and a fun movie to watch.
 When I told my mom about Super 8, I mentioned it was probably one of my favorite movies of the past several years. Then, I had her watch it. Her reaction was particularly funny, because she was thinking period drama, and Super 8 may be a period piece (1979) and it may be a drama (if a Science Fiction one), but it was certainly not what she meant...  Super 8 was a huge dose of nostalgia for the great movies I grew up with. Child actors who engage on a journey of excitement and growth - much like Goonies or ET.  In 1979 in a small town, there's a horrifying train crash. The train appears to have had something large and scary aboard!  Our heroes are a young filmmaker and his friends who are working on a zombie movie.  Like all sci-fi films, a suspension of one's disbelief is necessary - the train crash scene, while exciting and done really well, was so unrealistic in cause and effect, that one has to view it through a child's eyes.  Super 8 has some action, several scares, impressive special effects, a little bit of pre-teen romance, and some fabulous one-liners.  Written and directed by J J Abrams and Produced by Stephen Spielberg, I was expecting greatness, and I was not disappointed.  Oh, and if you're wondering, my mom thought the movie was really good, too.
 Very fun movie.  Not the same old Hollywood filth.  A "Stand by Me type of movie.  Had a good time watching it and will definetly watch again!
 (Not much to say as the movies has been reviewed by others)   I didn't know what to expect at first but as I got into this candid story, I could really feel a warmth that reminded me of how original movies were back in the days.  p.s- remarkable acting by the kids. You should check it out.
 It kept my attention the whole way thru. I loved every minute of it. J. J. Abrams rocks. The story was well done.
 This reviews is heavy with spoliers. This is a relationship movie. Often summer popcorn type movies have been criticized for lack of character development and this movie, with some exceptions, is creatively different. The relationships in the movie are  interwoven with a compelling science fiction plot involving the sabotage of a military train transporting an alien from Area 51. Once the alien is let loose on this small American town many strange events begin occurring that impact the struggles the human characters are already experiencing.  The central character in the film is 14 year old Joe Lamb who lives in a small town in Ohio. At the start of the film we discover that Joe has just lost his mother in an industrial accident at the factory she worked.  As a typical young teen Joe is heavily involved with his friends, chief among them is Charles Kaznyk who is passionate about the zombie movie they are all making on a super 8 camera for a local film competition. The lead actress in Charles's zombie movie is Alice "Ellie Dainard on whom Joe has a crush. But this budding romance is the center of further pain and controversy for Joe. Alice's father, Louis Dainard, is an abusive alcoholic and it is revealed that the day Joe's mother died she was covering a shift that Louis was unable to work due to his drunkenness. This fact cause problems between Joe and his father, Jack, a deputy sheriff and the relationship between Joe and Alice also furthers the already strained relationship between Louis and his daughter Alice. The budding young romance also puts strain on Joe's friendship with Charles when it is revealed that he too has a crush on Alice.  The conflicts of these relationships play out as the town is under siege from an alien which has escape when the train it is being transported on is derailed by a high school teacher,  Dr. Woodward, who had been involved in secret government projects where the alien had been abused and cruelly treated as scientists were performing tests on it. Joe, Alice, Charles and their other friends witness the train wreck as they are filming their super 8 zombie movie. Soon strange things be happening. Power lines and townspeople begin disappearing along with dogs running away as the military arrive without saying a word to what really was on that train. The military unit searching for the alien is headed by Colonel Nelec who was also part of the team performing tests on the creature in the early 1960s. Joe's father is arrested by Colonel Nelec when he begins asking too many questions. Events take a turn for the worst when Alice is abducted by the alien after an argument with her father.  When examining their recently developed film footage of their zombie movie they glimpse the alien creature that has abducted the townspeople, including Alice, and been causing the strange events in town. Joe and his friends proceed to break into the school to find out all they can about this creature by investigating Dr. Woodward's office. Watching films, reading documents and listening to tapes they discover that this alien has been tortured and tested by its human interrogators and its only desire is to repair its ship and go home. At this point the military comes crashing into the school and incarcerating  the kids. While locked in a bus on the way back to where the military has set up camp the creature attacks the bus killing  Colonel Nelec. The children escape unharmed and eventually uncover the lair beneath the water tower where the alien has held the people he abducted and where he is repairing the ship. After setting the people free Joe has a confrontation with the alien telling him its alright ot leave and that he should go. The movie ends with the mysterious cube material repairing his sip and the alien leaves.  The cinematography is excellent and the film really captures what it was like to be 14 in 1979. I was about the same age at that and have fond memories of the period. Except for the villain, Colonel Nelec, all the other characters are multidimensional and complex. The relatively unknown actors playing the young kids are very convincing and it comes across very naturally. When they are having lunch together the next day after the train derailment they are trying to discuss the situation but they still can't help but being kids and acting goofy and childlike in their confrontations with one another. It is a delightful scene. I think the stand our performances are from the lead actors, Joel Courtney as Joseph "Joe Lamb, Elle Fanning as Alice "Allie Dainard, Kyle Chandler as Jack Lamb Ron Eldard as Louis Dainard, Riley Griffiths as Charles Kaznyk. Elle Fanning  particularly stands out not only in the film itself but as an actress within the zombie movie being filmed. She displays that there is deep acting talent in the Fanning family. The movie has a lot of heart and you really get to see inside of their emotions in the film. You also get to see them change, grow and mature because of the events they face.  My only negative complaint about the film is the lack of one relationship. That is the relationship between the alien creature and the children and in turn we the audience. JJ Abrams likes the mystery element to movies and wants to keep the alien a mystery and to a large extent that works. Although the creature is revealed, wonderfully created by Neville Page, it is so late in the film that we never really get a chance to develop any emotional connection to the creature. It is this shadowy figure lurking in the dark in which we only get small glimpses of from time to time. Although we do learn the alien's story in bits and pieces along the way more interactions between the creature and the children would have provided more of an emotional connection. If we had more of a connection to the creature the ending would have provided more of an emotional punch. Plus, to be honest, I am a nerd about these things and monster and alien movies are among my favorite types of science fiction stories so when you have such a great creature design and top notch special effects I would like to see more of the creature! But all in all a very good movie by JJ Abrams and one I will watch over and over.
 SUPER 8 (prod. Steven Spielberg, writ./dir. J. J. Abrams, 113 minutes, 2011) - Every now and then comes a film that is so much fun, so compelling, suspenseful, moving and well acted that you do not care how dumb and derivative it may be. SUPER 8 is not just your ordinary alien-monster-devours-a-town film. This has nostalgia, heart, Oscar-caliber acting and a director who has inherited the Flame from Spielberg.  Charming, sweet young Joe Lamb (15-year-old Joel Courtney in his first major role) has lost his mother in an accident. It is circa 1979, in the hamlet of Lillian, Ohio (West Virginia served as the location). To alleviate the pain, he and his pals assist their pushy fellow junior high student in the making of a Super 8 zombie film. Witnessing a train accident at their prime location, the kids barely escape with their lives - not knowing what the wreck has unleashed. The train wreck has to be one of the most spectacular sequences ever filmed.  Joe and his friends will discover much about extraterrestrial life before their week is finished - and it is here the film is at its most powerful. The kids are dead set on finishing their Super 8 film in time to submit it to an Ohio film contest. Having shot similar stuff in the mid-1970s, I can tell you
 [*no spoilers*]  If you're after a non-stop thriller, packed with massacre and destruction and alien culture, this is not your movie. Super 8 tells a different story from the one suggested in its heart-pounding trailer, in that it DOES tell a story. And if you're fortunate enough to have been exposed to Spielberg before, you know any story in which he takes part is not one you want to miss.  Super 8 is about relationships and the power and ramifications of feeling, which the supernatural element serves to amplify and test. We are tipped off to these film centerpieces in the opening scene, when thirteen-year-old Joe (Joel Courtney) and his father (Kyle Chandler) are suffering through a personal tragedy, and his father's misgivings about someone in town are presented. We care already, especially with Courtney's earnest and expressive eyes that evoke empathy with every emotion he conveys. He is a promising actor whose future I look forward to seeing develop.  Don't think this film is entirely dramatic and weighty, however--the comic relief is surprising in its placement and frequency alike. It roots us in the un-jaded juvenile mind and emphasizes the grand proportions (which really pop on the big screen) of what is unfolding around the group of boys we follow and attach ourselves to.  Carrying us along on their adventure is a solid script and thoughtful detail placement. As Jamie Graham of Total Film puts it, "Like Spielberg, [director J.J.] Abrams has an eye for awe. Think back on the landscape you caught a glimpse of through the hole in the bedroom wall, once you've watched the film, and you'll see what he means. Or, in retrospect, mull over the defense Joe's father presents to his son, the irony in his declaration that as the town deputy, with the sheriff not present, everyone is relying on him. There used to be someone else, but now there's only him. (For now you'll have to take my word for it...)  The score, reminiscent of something from John William's legacy (hats off to Michael Giacchino)...the transportation back to 1979...the young male camaraderie and adventure...the nods to Spielberg's classic results from dabbling in the otherworldly...the focus on the characters and storytelling...all of these elements make for an experience you don't want to miss. You are, at the same time, given a dose of nostalgia and a new classic to cherish. Brilliant.
 I go to the movies to escape reality and have fun...as a cop who has enough excitment and stress it's nice to imagine I am a kid again. Thanks for the ride JJ Abrams I will definately be buying the blu-ray to enjoy with friends and family. I will be turning up the bass and volume and watching as they jump out of there seats. This movie will hopefully live the life of "classic terrific kids movies as goonies, sandlot, ET amongst plenty other really great movies. I brought my girlfriend, two people both kids at heart but in reality are middle aged.  We walked out of the theater feeling we had just went to Disneyworld or just left after watching Star wars for the first time. We went to dinner grinning from ear to ear, saying that it made us feel like kids again. I know movies like this are not for everyone but for those who have kids inside themselves which are allowed to let their imagination run away for the brief movie time.  There is so much to enjoy about this movie. I wish I was 10 again then my feelings would be age appropriate. I find that sooo many people over analyze stuff today who really need to relax.  This movie is and will be a keeper which will be fun to watch over and over just to see folks jump at certain parts of a really good kids movie! Thanks for reading and to all the negative haters...one word...CHILL!!!
 J.J. Abrams has not made a lot of films, but each film has been very good, embracing the genre and giving fans something to celebrate. Even "Mission Impossible III", derided because of Cruise's shenanigans, was very good, better than the first two installments. But each film has been a stepping stone. Considering the quality of these films, the possibility of a filmmaker of Abrams' skill and caliber working on a personal project has been tantalizing.  Now, with "Super 8", Abrams makes a film based on his own idea. He blends all of his superlative filmmaking skills with a personal story and the effort is almost magical. "Super 8 is by far the best film I have seen this year. And it will take a lot for a new film to take this position away. It just may end up as the best film of the year.  Set in small town Ohio, in 1979, a group of kids gets together to make a film using their super 8 cameras. Originally a zombie film, the director, Charles (Riley Griffiths), a pudgy kid from a large, noisy family, decides his magnum opus needs more drama, so he enlists the help of Alice (Elle Fanning), who his friend and cameraman, Joe (Joel Courtney) has a crush on. The whole group sneaks out at midnight and heads to the local train station. As a train approaches, Charles shouts for the crew to get ready, he wants to capture the "production value of the train speeding by. But a truck soon appears and begins driving directly for the locomotive. The kids watch in horror as the truck crashes into the train and the whole thing derails. They run for their lives, trying to escape the carnage. As the dust begins to clear, they realize there have been no injuries amongst them and run off just as ominous government agencies begin to arrive to do the clean-up. Charles and Joel also find the camera. It is broken, but they decide to develop the film anyway. Over the next few days, Joel's dad, Jackson, the Sheriff (Kyle Chandler) begins to realize something strange is going on; dogs begin to disappear, then his boss is missing, then the government steps in and gives him a story about the train wreck. Jackson confronts Nelec (Noah Emmerich), the leader of the army's 'clean-up' efforts. Just as the rumors begin to fly, and stories of mysterious sightings begin to circulate, the town is evacuated because of a wild fire. Joel and his friends try to escape to figure out what is going on.  From the moment "Super 8 begins, you know you are in for something special. Abrams sets the film in 1979 which also seems to be a homage to the sort of film his mentor, and producer of the film, Steven Spielberg made during the same period. Everything about the film seems authentic and real. People are wearing new Walkmans. The clothes and cars are all period specific. The attitudes are even a little more innocent. Even better, when Abrams decides to feature some new-fangled item, like the Walkman, for instance, it becomes a part of the story. This takes the moment from being a simple wink-wink nudge-nudge type of thing and shows how clever Abrams really is. It is very easy to make a visual reference like this. It is much more difficult to make it a believable part of the story. Abrams always does the more difficult and makes it work.  Charles is part of a large, noisy family who seems to be bursting out of the walls of their house. Yet, there is always room for Joe at the table. Joe and Charles are best friends and this helps to make the film seem even a little more nostalgic. In fact, there seem to be more similarities in this film to Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind than to the oft-mentioned "E.T.". Charles large family and their crowded dinner table are similar to the Neary family's. At one point, an electrician is fixing a power line. He stands in the bucket on his truck and rises toward the junction box. Roy Neary was also an electrician who is trying to fix massive power outages. "Close Encounters is set in Indiana, "Super 8 in Ohio, Both feature people from small town America dealing with something they could never have imagined.  The real key to the success of "Super 8 is the kids. Everyone of them gives a good performance and really raises the bar for future child actors. Joel Courtney plays Joe, the son of the local Sheriff. A family tragedy puts a strain on the relationship between the two and Joe escapes the pressures of his everyday life with his large group of friends. Courtney is just so natural, so at ease, he never seems like he is acting. He deals with his grief, with his dad, with the drama in his town like anyone his age would. They escape into the making of their film. Joe is also extremely nervous when Charles announces he has asked Alice to act in the film because he has a huge crush on Alice and becomes a bit tongue-tied. Joe becomes the hero of the film, fighting every inch of the way to find out what is going on and then fighting to end the problem. It is a very good, richly observed performance. More amazing, this is Joel Courtney's first film.  Riley Griffiths plays Charles, the director of the film the kids are working on. It is difficult to tell for sure, but I will bet that this character is closely modeled after Abrams when he was a kid. Charles is a funny guy; his face always buried in a movie magazine, thinking of new scenes, new ideas to make their film that much better. He has clearly read everything he could possibly get his hands on and relishes every bit of it, even the stuff he doesn't completely understand. At the train station, he walks around framing the picture with his hands; he seems obsessed with capturing 'production values', like the real train passing. When they retrieve the camera after the wreck, they take the film to the local photo shop and send it away to be processed. His performance is funny, but not overly jokey; he is just a normal kid who loves everything about filmmaking. More amazing, this is Riley Griffith's first film as well.  Elle Fanning, the veteran of the group, is very good. Alice seems intrigued to be involved in the film, but she is also asked to help provide the transportation for the group, which puts her on edge when the Sheriff's son shows up. She doesn't have a driver's license and is afraid of getting into trouble. But Joe quickly puts her at ease. When they arrive at the train station, they are all amazed by her acting ability. Throughout the course of the film, she and Joe spend a lot of time together and become closer and their relationship provides many sweet innocent moments to the film.  The rest of the kids are all great. Each is different, fun and unique.  Kyle Chandler does a great job as Jackson, the man who is a Sheriff first and a dad to Joe second. He quickly realizes something is going on and becomes even more determined to figure things out when he meets Nelec and realizes they aren't telling him the whole truth. His town is experiencing something big, and it consumes him, so it takes him a while to realize his son is getting into mischief. But when he does, he quickly puts a stop to it. Then he becomes busy again, leaving Joe to his own devices. The relationship between the two is not good, and hasn't been good for a long time. Then, the family tragedy only pulls them further apart. Chandler does a very good job of showing us all of the different responsibilities Jackson is dealing with.  Toby Emmerich adds another shady government/ villain-type role to his resume. The role is good, believable and suitable for the story. But the character actor has played this role before, many times.  Ron Eldard plays Louis, Alice's no-good dad. Louis is haunted by many demons and adds complexity to the film.  The real beauty of "Super 8 is that Abrams is simply a great filmmaker. He seems determined to make films in which he reveals as little as possible about the creature/ monster/ alien/ threat to the main characters as possible. In "Cloverfield", a film he helped write and produce, the threat is viewed in brief snippets, often in grainy cell phone or camcorder footage. For the majority of the film, you never see it fully. This does two things. It makes the menace more believable and it creates more suspense. Because we can't see the whole thing, we are less likely to find fault in it, or to disbelieve in the existence of it. Also, because the threat is revealed in small, fleeting moments, we are never sure when it will show up. I know some people don't like this film, but the cinema verite style, the unknown cast and the snippets of footage of the creature all served to create a memorable monster film.  Abrams continues this same sort of idea in "Super 8". The threat to this small town is not revealed for a long time. But to maintain suspense, we see bits of what it can cause. Joe watches through small, high windows as things fly into the air. The electrician watches things happening in a maintenance building in the distance. Even when we are placed close to the action, Abrams uses some fairly brilliant methods to hide the identity of the threat.  When everything starts to fall into place and we realize what is going on, it all makes sense and we are committed to the ride because we have spent so much time in this universe, with these characters.  It is also unusual (unfortunately) for a summer film to capture any emotion, let alone anything that could seem real and move us. In "Super 8", Abrams sets up the story with a sad event, which helps to inform us of the relationship between Joe and Jackson. And throughout the story, we see how strained their life together is, how difficult. And this all leads to a very emotional moment, which I confess, made me tear up.  Ultimately, "Super 8 has moments that are funny, scary, suspenseful, exciting, dramatic and more. It has everything. Better yet, everything seems necessary to the characters and the story.  A couple of weeks before the film was released, I watched the trailer for "Super 8 before another highly anticipated summer film. After the trailer, someone mumbled "E.T., phone home causing some laughter. But this remark is more of a compliment than a dig. Abrams has captured the same sort of innocence, the same sort of wonder Elliot and his brother and sister experience in "E.T. And because of this, he captures the same sort of innocence, the same sort of wonder for us to relive.  If it sounds like I am gushing, I am. Go see this movie. Go. Go already.
 "Super 8 is brilliant! This is how the story goes
 I grew up on the films of Steven Spielberg.  He made me fall in love with the movies and led me to how magical they can be.  Some films are about dark, gritty subject matter, some show us beautiful sunsets, some terrify us...Spielberg sought to take the magical way a child views the world and make it real, and in essence, reminded us as adults, that a little of that magic still lives inside of us.  We still long for that sense of awe and wonder.  Sci-fi (a genre I never have considered myself a fan of) at its best, should inspire an a sense of awe, wonder, and moreover, ...possibility.  "Close Encounters of the Third Kind took us on a journey like that through the eyes of an ordinary man.  "E.T. took us on the same path but through the eyes of a child trying to cope with the pain of his parents' divorce.  It is this very innocent and beautiful glance inward that gives rise to the masterpiece called "Super 8".  A summer movie that reminded me how good summer movies used to be before they were taken over by comic book heroes and sequels.  "Super 8", written and directed by JJ Abrams (MI
 Fantastic movie from a great director. It feels like an 80's classic in the very best way! Don't be fooled though this does end up being an alien invasion movie and  can shock you in some unexpected places! See this movie.
 I do not understand the negative reviews for this movie, I found it highly enjoyable for adults and kids alike. Great movie!!!!
 This was the best "alien movie I've seen in a long time.  It was well written, directed, and acted. This movie is definitely worth watching if you like this genre.
 I love this movie. This is Goonies meets E.T. Two of my favorite childhood movies. A movie that leaves you remembering childhood adventures. I could watch it again and again. If you are still a kid at heart don't miss it.
 Super 8 began last year with a marketing campaign that provided a general idea of what to expect from the film while revealing nothing. As the trailers became only slightly more revealing, the comparisons to Spielberg began. It's no secret that Steven Spielberg produced the film, so this comparison may seem easy but it is an inarguable fact that this film would not exist without his influence. Super 8 is the offspring of films like Close Encounters of the Third Kind, E.T., and The Goonies but it never feels like a derivative cash-in and actually succeeds in taking moviegoers back to a time when the "summer blockbuster meant something; a time when a good story went hand-in-hand with special effects and action sequences. There are two types of movies here and writer/director J.J. Abrams does a refreshing job balancing them both rather than letting the action overtake the story. Its adolescent characters, military villains, and late 70s, small town setting evoke memories of Spielberg but writer/director J.J. Abrams brings enough originality to the project that it's less of a rehash than a renaissance.  The film takes place in the fictional town of Lillian, Ohio in 1979. 13-year-old Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney in an impressive debut) is helping his group of friends make a Super 8 movie at an old train depot. To the group's enjoyment, the "director Charles (Riley Griffiths) has convinced local girl Alice (Elle Fanning) to drive them to the depot and appear in the movie. As they're shooting, a train appears in the distance and, in moments, is derailed by a pickup truck....And, for the purpose of preserving the surprise element; I'll leave it at that.  Is the "secret at the heart of the film really a secret anymore? Most people have enough information to deduce what's going on, but the less you know the better. It's all part of the effect Super 8 has. There are plenty of special effects and action sequences, but Abrams allows his film to build nicely before revealing what he has in store. Unlike most recent summer blockbusters, the action is never brainless; it serves a purpose and functions for the story as opposed to an excuse to show the advancements in technology. The first big special effects sequence is the train crash, which is one of the most intense, exciting sequences you're likely to come across this year. You may question the physics behind it, but you can't deny the heart-racing excitement it inspires nor can you deny the stunning special effects that made it possible.  Super 8 really succeeds where most summer movies fail by delivering strong writing, with a good story and well-developed characters in addition to all the action. While Abrams may go for easy emotional cues his story has a lot of heart and Super 8 succeeds extensively on its likable, well-defined characters and human story. The story never feels like a backdrop for the action, a practice Hollywood has inexplicably embraced recently. Abrams obviously has an eye for casting as well. The adolescent actors in the lead roles are a talented, funny, and emotive group that convincingly embody their characters and never seem amateurish or annoying. The adult actors do fine jobs too, but the adults aren't as well-defined as the children are. Joe's dad, Deputy Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler) is the anguished, withdrawn father who steps in when things get messy while Colonel Nelec (Noah Emmerich) is the typical stone-faced military villain. This is a minor flaw that doesn't affect the overall quality of the film. Finally, it captures the 1979, small-town vibe wonderfully adding a very "classic feel and is a great looking film in general; moody, nostalgic, and, yes, "Spielbergian.  Super 8 does not disappoint on any level and is what a summer blockbuster should aspire to be. It is consistently entertaining, riveting from start to finish, and a wonderful reminder of the magic that's been missing from the movies. While it may be too soon to make such a bold statement, Super 8 seems destined to become a classic of its genre. J.J. Abrams is forging quite the career. It is impressive enough that he has made a special-effects heavy, science-fiction, summer film for a remarkably low $45 million at a time when the box office is overrun with movies with triple-digit budgets and double-digit IQs. Even more impressive is that he has fashioned a special-effects heavy, science-fiction, summer film that is one of the best films of this year.  GRADE
 Well, now that I've seen it I've absolutely love it, the effects of the main scene were of course CGI, which made it incredibly realistic. Well, J.J. Abrams + Speilberg, E.T., GO HOME! The setting of 1979 Ohio was really authentic with the music, cars, clothes, cameras and more. I have to say that my favorite scene was when Joey, Alice, Charles, and the gang went to a train station and their former science teacher at their middle school drives his truck on to the train tracks and causes a HUGE train crash! That was honestly one of the best movie scenes I've ever seen. Now during the huge crash an alien is let loose in their town. After they get the film strip, Charles and Joey see alien claws behind the train car. I really don't want to give the ending away, so I'm going to let you buy the movie 
 Children 6 and older will love this movie and enjoyable for parents too! Some of the best special effects ever. Speilburg's signiture touch is all over this productIon. You will want to watch this one over and over!
 It's one of the best summer film in years! It's slick, cool, and a little scary. The only backfire of "Super 8 is the language. It should've been rated R for pervasive language, but what's worse is that the KIDS say it. It's just not right; it's like playing with Playdo! Be cautious parents, but over that, Abrams and Spielberg make a great team making a film that makes everyone connected to the film.
 ThiS at the time I had bought it I was in love with the movie like I still am. If you are looking for a good sci-fi movie get this because you will love it!!!!!
 Super 8 (Two-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo + Digital Copy), well done movie. We really did not expect much out of this movie with the way it started. We were really surprised at how good it was. Great job.
 Loved this movie - it hit home in so many ways, but of course, was pure fantasy.  A perfect movie for a 70's child.
 Loved the movie and the director's comments.The only complaint is the foul language but that seems par for the course in today's movies.
 Loved it. More good stuff touched by the hand of Steven Spielberg, what's not to like? Viewed very good via the Roku.
 I loved this, with Dolby Digital 7.1 is a explosion on the action scenes. The only fault is on the cover... Someone, i don't now if is the Paramount or the Amazon put a stick very difficult to take off on that. Maybe they could put this on the plastic inside... Who wants a stick on the cover!?
 This is classic Steven Spielberg in action.  Although he didn't direct it, he may as well have.  He did produce it and it shows.  It's got the essence of early 80's films like "Goonies", "Batteries Not Included and "E.T.  There is a spectacular action sequence involving a train and a bunch of kids who seem to be on to the fact that there is a lot more going on in the town they're living in than any of the adults are aware of.  A group of kids set out to shoot a little horror film so that they can submit it to a Film Festival, but they end up capturing more than they bargained for setting them up on a fast paced thrill ride that turns their town upside down.  Some intense moments that may be too much for young kids, but for the rest of the family this is a joy.
 it a great movie  great for kids to see a little bit of what life was like in the later 70's and early 80's great story which i guess some couldn't follow
 This film was made really well, great acting, and legit effects.. i really love this movie, it's like "Cloverfield in a way but not as intriguing and it doesnt make you dizzy lol but yea if you your a Spielberg fan check it out.. if your an Abrams fan Defeinatly Check this film out!!! you will enjoy..
 great movie and fast shipping...I would buy again from the person. Super 8 is a must see film for 2012
 What a good movie.  Another goonies.  Loved it.  Recommend this for both teens and adults. Best time I've had in a long time watching a movie.
 The Speilberg movies are enjoyable and always open minded .The Super 8 is like the SciFi mini series Steven Speilberg Presents TAKEN with Dakota Fanning . The realm is close to a Steven King with the characters of Speilberg . The film gives kids ideas of enormity just as a movie should .
 It's rare that a film comes along about kids and has a science fiction touch yet communicates the joys and the frustrations of growing up than Super 8.  Super 8 was apparently billed as a disaster film with aliens, etc. In truth, it's not about the alien at all. It's about kids growing up in a rural town, trying to do something special with themselves.  My Impressions
 Occasionally, I get challenged by someone about a review that involves a children's movie - as if there were some magical demarkation between that and crap. There isn't. If you can't see that simple fact, then you have my sympathy for having blunt perceptions and an apologist mentality.  A good film is a good film - period. There isn't a golf handicap for movies; a special pass for marginal, ineffective or failure.  There are numerous fantastic productions that are specifically geared toward children that are simultaneously amazing films. Think about it for a second.  '<a href="http
 If you liked Goonies as a kid, you will love this movie. It's kinda like the Goonies meets ET. The best of both worlds. Definite buy!!
 It made me remember all Spielberg's excellent 80's movies
 LOVED it! Great movie! I would def. watch it again. I really had no idea what it was about and I must say my husband and I really enjoyed it.
 Super 8 is about a group of kids shooting a zombie movie for a local Super 8 Film festival. While filming on location at a train depot, they witness a colossal train wreck, which, just to throw out there, is simply amazing! After the wreck, odd things begin to happen around the town, and soon the kids find themselves facing something that would bring them all closer together, and experience danger, love, and life. This movie truly has the old Spielberg feel of ET, Close Encounters, and the Goonies. Its young child actors, especially Joel Courtney's lead performance, and his debut, are outstanding and really bring this film to glory. JJ Abrams has definitely rekindled the spirit of the 70's and 80's and hopefully will continue doing projects such as these. As a teenager, I enjoyed this film immensely, and it made me feel emotions towards the end, that a film has not been able to do for a long time. Along with the score, JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg make an AWESOME team, and this movie was SUPER SUPER Good!
 This is a great movie, and takes you back to your childhood.  How so? Well imagine the ideas used in Scooby Doo, the Goonies, the Monster Squad and countless other franchises of young kids working together to overcome a supernatural force and that's pretty close to what Super 8 is all about.  Once again, it seems JJ Abrams can do no wrong, and with Mr Spielberg involved too - this film is as close to perfect as you will find this summer.  If you like this kind of thing, I might also suggest you check out the following two books
 I saw the trailers for Super 8 in theater when I watched other movies in theater. When I saw the glimpses, even with some of the earlier trailers, I found myself reminded about a good deal of the Anime I've seen for the Sci-Fi and/or Horror genre. Particularly the ones that happened to touch upon the scientific technology only slightly, and the horror is minute. The draw for these Anime is the actual storyline and the characters. Normally I find myself not interested in watching American movies for this genre, but when I saw the trailers, I found myself wanting to watch the movies at least once.  When the movie popped up on the big screen , I found that my comparisons to the Anime I like from those two genre was not far off at all. While the subject of "the thing and other scientific elements crop up in the movie, not to mention there are a few times I felt a slight terror running through my mind, I felt that it wasn't over done. Instead, the movie focused on the characters and the plot line. I found myself drawn into the whole thing.  The characters came to life in my mind. Each of the children in their group had their own distinct personalities. There are also quite a bit of growing up issues presented within the movie, dealt with in a believable fashion. There is also the issue with dealing with parents that are over bearing. The movie is one of those that one should watch at least once, despite the fact that Spielberg does over do the detail when it comes to certain things, but that only adds to the fantastical element in the story. Not to mention it is expected of his work.  I got what I expected out of the movie. There was a great plot, a nice romance story that came across as  believable, not to mention age appropriate was also in there. The story line had quite a few cliches in it, but in the long run the plot flowed smoothly from beginning to end. It has some similarities to one of his earlier work of E.T, but the story fits more into the time frame.
 Can you say, "E.T. meets "E.T."?  Arguably the most E.T. like movie of all time, Super 8 starts up with a bang and runs through every trick in the ET playbook before the first hour is up, then goes back in again and again to expand on the one thing it knows.  That thing is the essential mystery of childhood and how, once we become adults, we lose our innate understanding of aliens from other planets.  Happily for movie buffs, Super 8 tells the story of six brave kids teetering on the brink of adolescence, and sets the story in the late 1970s so we can all identify, even the middle-aged like me.  E.T. showed us a family led by a mother and father, but Super 8 presents the children at risk because their mothers have been snatched away from them by a cruel factory death.  Reading between the lines, smart viewers will notice that only one mother remains, and she is played by Jessica Tuck, the vampire spokesperson from True Blood--what's that saying about motherhood?  I have no idea, but I'm sure that Steven Spielberg's casting is always saying something pertinent, unlike his scripts.  (Next up, Lincoln with Daniel Day Lewis as Abe, and Sally Field, short, sixtyish and moonfaced, as weird Mary Todd.  Everyone's wondering, will Anne Hathaway play Anne Hathaway, Lincoln's first love?)  Knowledge is power, summer films say, yet in Super 8 this harmless dictum is severely smashed.  In tracing the fate of the one roll of Super 8 film that accidentally records a horrific train wreck, director JJ Abrams convinces us that somehow this footage, which incidentally shows a monster rising from the wreckage, is going to be important in the denouement.  Like Hitchcock's McGuffins, the footage is presented pictorially as a matter of great consequence, and in addition it becomes a matter about which we the audience know more than the kids on screen.  Lo and behold, absolutely nothing of consequence occurs with this footage and we feel cheated, like children without a mother.  It's a great movie, even with that awful instant nostalgia factor suffusing the whole thing like air freshener.  Aliens with the minds of kids
 This movie is so good, i would see it a million times in a row! Joel Courtney does such a good job as Joe, he is so cute i wish i could date him. The kids are so real! They talk over each other, yell at each other, tease each other, they are so real!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you don't like this  movie watch it again! Because you can't not like this movie!
 I loved this movie when I saw it in theaters.  This is an interesting movie with the setting of the movie taking place in 1979, which puts an interesting spin on the movie compared to new movies you see today.  This was a great movie to see in theaters and I can't wait until it comes out on blu ray.
 Super 8 is a wild roller coaster ride of a movie!  If the train crash doesn't take all the Oscars, I will be amazed.  I saw it in IMAX & felt like boxcars, oil tankers, & misc. other cars were crashing all around me.  Great movie for adults & older children.  Don't take your younger kids unless you WANT them in your bed for months to come.  The alien is scary when you finally do see it but it is scarier BEFORE you actually see it because of your imagination.  Great summer fun!  Don't miss this movie!
 See this movie, see it in the theater with a big screen!  I am not familiar with JJ Abrams but he definitely is a student of Lucas and producer Spielberg.  The only name actor in the movie is Kyle Chandler as  Jack Lamb, who for years has played small town Texas high school football Coach Eric Taylor on the well-acted but under-watched TV series "Friday Night Lights". Lamb is an overwhelmed police deputy here with the same intensity and focus as Chandler has on "Friday Night Lights  Set in 1979 in small town Ohio, a group of five dorky middle school kids with a lot of braces and pimples including deputy Lamb's son Joe (Played by Joel Courtney) , decide to make a zombie movie shot on Super 8 film, the low budget media of the day. The movie is seen through their eyes. They want to enter a statewide amateur movie contest. They enlist the help of love interest Alice, from the wrong side of town, played by Elle Fanning (Dakota Fannings little sister). Alice unexpectedly turns out to be a great actress, jawdroppingly good. The kids go to the train station to get more "production values in their zombie movie. A train goes by while they are shooting and then wrecks spectacularly. I won't say more, but there are plenty of plot twists and turns.  Movie starts out silly and slow paced teen movie but rapidly picks up speed intensity and focus. Action/adventure, suspense, mystery, menace, scifi, a creature and a lot of strange events. Like the best of George Lucas and Stephen Spielberg, Super 8 is it's own movie, but pulls in bits and pieces from various "Indiana Jones", "ET", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind and "Alien". In a season with a lot of formulaic less-than-super, predictable superhero movies, this is the action movie to see!  Highest recommendation! The kind of great action movie that just doesn't seem to be made anymore. Emotionally intense.
 First of all, I want to acknowledge the outstanding performance of the little girl in the movie, named Alice (portrayed by the beautiful Elle Fanning). From the beginning of the movie, to the end of it, Elle Fanning never ceased to intrigue and completely "wow us! A mysterious character Alice is, who often displays empathic tendencies (in my opinion) and I wondered if she was playing the role of an empath. I think it is possible that such a tinge was written into her character, but also not highlighted so much as to draw too much attention to that idea. I have never seen a child perform so well in a movie, ever (at least I cannot remember) and the fact that I can't remember anyone else means that Elle Fanning has outshone every other performance by a child actor that I have ever seen! Elle Fanning was breathtaking in this film, aside from being beautiful, she manages to communicate what the character is feeling, and impart that unto the viewer just by the expressions communicated through her eyes. Outstanding, excellent acting! I will be looking out more for this young actor, I believe that she will make it very big and very far in her profession. Amazing.  Now, onto the movie... I want to stress that this movie contains the worst language I have ever heard being spoken in a movie, in all my life. Seriously. And the fact that children are saying all these profane words makes it very hard to swallow. I was watching with my ten year old son (the country in which we live rated it GP) and I don't agree with the GP rating of this movie, due to the extremely foul language! With that being said, I believe that we can't hide our children away from the world and protect them from knowing what the realities of the world are (like bad language) and at the time we watched this movie, my son was already prepared to hear all that language. I told him after the movie that I trust and know and have enough faith in him to say that this movie was a great movie, because I know that just because he hears or sees something, doesn't mean he's going to do it. In the end, we both agreed that this was a really great movie! Brilliant, actually! I am blown away and I truly admire the talent and brains behind the script, the story, the plot, the flow, cinematography, everything really! However, if you have children that are not yet prepared to hear how the rest of the world talks, don't take them to see this movie (if it's rated GP also where you live), because they definitely WILL find out how the rest of the world talks, by watching it! Terrible language! The thing is, that's life!  From the very start, this film did not fail to deliver intense punches in the face; intense emotional drama, intense thrilling scenes, intense effects, and I often found myself breathing deep sighs just to relieve myself of the tension I was feeling. So, it starts out very intensely and is very intriguing! But then it later succumbs to humor and the movie progresses into something truly hilarious (in a good way) and I have not laughed so much in a movie house, in a very very long time!!!!! Hilarious! Just so so funny!!!!! The lines, the characters, scenes, just hilarious!!!! This is the portrayal of true talent and genius behind the film, because, when delivering so much intensity in the beginning of a movie, it is wise to bring the viewers into a whole different realm later on by introducing an equally intense amount of humor!!! It was hysterically funny at times, and this is the point at which I truly began to appreciate the movie and it really did begin to shine, for me!  I would classify Super 8 as a science fiction thriller, but, due to the genius creating it, the film is able to contain the science fiction to the sidelines, and what really takes the limelight is the emotional backdrop of the main characters, this story is at last strongly character-driven and emotionally true. The science fiction part simply becomes just a thing that happened in the lives of these extraordinarily strong characters. Sort of how things happen in all of our lives that seem to come in on a train derailment and wreck havoc in us but in the end and after it all, these things that happen are just things that happen, and life is meant to be lived. I do believe that is the true message of the story, and it is built into and built up by the plot and the script and the acting, thus producing a very strong delivery of this single message.  The movie wraps-up beautifully, I cannot over-emphasize that. The beautiful wrap-up of everything surely makes up for the very foul language and sometimes hard-to-look-at bloody scenes. In the end, the fathers both learn that the most important things in their lives aren't the things and the people that they have lost, but the most important realities in their lives are the people that are in front of their eyes
 J.J. Abrams, as a creator, has been something of an amalgam. He more or less started out making a splash with the TV show FELICITY which was, to me, a rather antiseptic drama. Then came his next big show ALIAS, which was his first foray into genre-bending TV; a high-octane spy thriller mixed with enough drama to make the characters interesting and enough twists to make the more jaded fans tune in weekly. However, he hit his stride with LOST, a show that was universally beloved as it was confusing, but the plot became somewhat secondary to the characters. That show was populated by so many unforgettable characters that, despite fans' misguided anger over the series finale, the show will be forever ingrained in the viewer's brain. And it was during LOST that Abrams started making his foray into feature films; his first being MISSION
 this is an awesome movie. i was amazed by how good this movie was and on how well it was made. the kids in the movie did an outstanding job. this movie is great. steven speilberg makes the best movies ever. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do. and jj abranms did an awesome job directing this film
 I bought this movie for my 30 year old son.  He saw the movie in the theater and absolutely loved it.
 This is a great film for the young and old. Blu-ray makes the film even more exciting and worth having in ones film collection.
 Super 8 is a movie that's very fun to watch, with very believable characters. I didn't know what to expect! A rarity these days.
 Super 8 is about kids.  Their problems, their ingenuity, bravery, friendships, and foibles.  Spielberg didn't invent this genre, Robert Louis Stevenson did.  Such stories give kids their due for their smarts and integrity.  Abrams is growing as a director.  This and Start Trek are two of the best science fiction films made this century.  In a film world where *men* dressed like ten year-olds are passed off as good science fiction, I'll take a movie where the kids have heart and make the tough decisions.  There's no comparison really.  Super 8 is solid story telling, the real deal.
 Great movie....Just watch and enjoy.  Thanks Steven and J.J.  The cast was wonderful. Pure movie joy.  You all make movies fun to watch...thanks for that!
 This movie is imaginative and adventurous, yet delicate, with subtleties that other films fail to achieve. It hit on all the things that are really important- Well written, filmed and directed superbly, and acted to perfection by characters that took their roles seriously enough to get them right without overdoing it. This movie impressed from beginning to end and will stand the test of time as a coming of age film.....with a syfy twist. There are a few negative reviews on this film, and I am convinced that those people just didn't 'get it'. Hopefully you will.....Enjoy!
 It's like a modern day Stand By Me.  The kids' acting is incredible.  Love story.  Story line is original.  Even has trains.  Watch it.
 Preordering this movie was such a good decision. It's an insanely awesome sci-fi thriller with in-depth character development, and it ended up costing me just twenty bucks for the Blu-Ray, DVD, and Digital copy.
 Remember when director / producer, Steven Spielberg was the god of all hollywood? Remember when his movies had charm, scares, AND excitement? Remember JAWS? E.T.? CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND? POLTERGEIST?? Well, SUPER 8 is probably as close to those glorious days as we'll ever get! Filled w/ great characters (especially the kids), a perfectly-realized 1970s town, and an alien connection, S8 delivers those wonderful goosebumps that I haven't felt since I was a kid myself! Director J.J. Abrams and Producer Spielberg have brought back the magic! Hell, I damn near cried! Highly recommended...
 The Review
 Super 8 was a far more interesting film that I thought. The trailers didn't look very interesting and what convinced me to see the movie were comments I heard on the radio. A comment that I recalled was that the first half of the film was like a Steven Spielberg movie (not surprising, as he was a producer) with the second half like a Jerry Bruckheimer action movie.  I came away feeling the film was an excellent tribute to Mr. Spielberg.  The story is set in a small suburb in 1979 and focuses of a group of movie-making kinds (much like Spielberg and writer-director J. J. Abrams themselves) who are making a zombie film.  The characters have their own deep conflicts centering on the death of Joel Lamb's mother (sensitively acted by Joel Courtney). Joel's father, a deputy sheriff (Kyle Chandler providing an excellent performance) has a strong dislike for one of his deceased wife's co-workers Louis Dainard (Ron Eldard). This causes problems in a budding romance between for Joel and Alice Dainard (beautifully played by Elle Fanning).  Everything changes when the kids observe a train derailment, documented on their Super 8 camera that allows an alien creature to escape.  The feel of the movie was closer to ET for me with the kids knowing more than the adults and knowing what needs to happen once they have all the facts about what is going on.  This is a beautifully acted film with some excellent special effects that add to the viewing experience without being gratuitous.  I think Super 8 is the kind of film that can be enjoyed more when seen the second or third times.  It is fun to watch and the details of the story and the performances can be appreciated when watched again.
 I had already seen the movie before and the family enjoyed it so I decided to buy it. Received the movie very quickly with no problems.
 This was surprisingly a fantastic movie! The story and the acting are great as well as the effects! I agree with the price. The item came on time and in great condition.
 Good movie, simply put.  nothing wrong with the way they made this.  pretty mysterious and thrilling.  got this recently from Amazon Marketplace seller- for an astounding $5.89.  Was very pleased with the purchase and movie. This movie definitely IS not any bad.
 First off, I took a gamble and picked this up on Blu for a couple bucks cheaper than Amazon's current price. Picture & sound quality are superb. If you are a fan of this movie, you'll love the transfer.  For an adult Sci-Fi movie fan, I thought this was far better than the likes of "Cowboys vs. Aliens, (which wasn't bad) and "Real Steel, (which was really bad).  The movie is derivative (you will detect elements of "Stand by Me, "E.T., "Gremlins, etc.) but it does have a good, plausible storyline for a sci-fi film, with decent performances by the (mostly adolescent)cast.  It isn't as gritty as "Cloverfield, nor is it quite as heartwarming as "E.T., but like those films, it is good sci-fi entertainment, and well worth taking a chance on if you haven't seen it yet.
 Sometimes you just can't beat an amazon deal. ten bucks for the movie (after four dollars off the price). Also came with a free VOD rental. The movie was excellent and I recommend you at least try it.
 Great Flick!  Our whole family thoroughly enjoyed this movie! Keeps you wondering what will happen next! From JJ Abrams and Steven Speilberg, it's gotta be good and it is.
 amazing film from an amazing director. jj abrams has done it yet again with his phenomenal throwback to an eric of great sci fi
 So, i just saw this movie today, and i loved it. The Story follows a group of kids making their own movie while some really weird things start to happen on their small town. I liked it because it was original and not that predicitable. I kno when a movie is too predictable b/c my dad starts to say whats going to happen but that never happened. I liked that is was intense but not scary A GRAET MOVIE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY (OR FOR YOURSELF)
 I just had to put a review in. Really a fantastic movie. An instant classic. The 15th best movie I have ever seen.
 After weeks and months of speculation, the thing is unveiled. And, it turns out, what SUPER 8 is, is a blast from the past, a nostalgic kick of cinema. And it's good, it's really good. There's a kid in this film who, whenever he thought something was cool, would remark, "That was mint! Well, sir, SUPER 8 was mint.  SUPER 8 is set in 1979, in the heartland town of Lillian, Ohio. Four months after the death of his mother at the local steel factory, 12-year-old Joe Lamb and his dad are grieving still, Joe's dad, a Sheriff's Deputy, still so affected that he's become estranged from his son. Joe at least has got his friends to distract him. It's summer now, school in the rearview for a while, and Joe's promised to help out his good chubby buddy (and budding filmmaker) Charles with his 8mm zombie movie, hopefully to be finished in time for an upcoming film festival. Joe builds train models, but he's also handy with monster make-up.  Joe is particularly stoked to learn that his dream girl, Alice, will be acting in the picture. Joe and his friends (and Alice) all agree to sneak out at night and shoot scenes at the local train station. But then their little horror film gets upstaged when a military train rumbles by and derails spectacularly. And that's the start of a series of mysterious and frightening events befalling the town of Lillian.  Joe Lamb, observant and early on tapped as the prospective protagonist, notes that something has punched thru the steel confines of one of the box cars. Soon after, the town suffers persistent fluctuations in electrical power, dogs are running away, and people are vanishing, as well as automobile parts and various everyday household items. And the U.S. Air Force has come to town, behaving oddly and sweeping the town streets and fiddling with their instruments. In the air wafts the smell of  a military cover-up.  In a nod to the paranoid 1950s sci-fi flicks, certain of the townspeople blame the Red Menace. Joe and his friends know better. They've seen stuff, including these weird little cubes. But they were warned, warned by the only other person to have witnessed the train crash (and he actually caused it). If the kids talk, "they will get them... and their parents, too. Except that this is the kind of movie in which the adults are the ones milling around, perplexed, and kids are the only ones who can save the day. I'm all for this kind of movie.  This is intentionally a throwback film. And it throws me back to that era, when disco was at its last gasp. When the Walkman was the latest revolutionary leap in music accessibility. When sexy Debbie Harry was doing her thing. When the Three Mile Island disaster was still topical.  When folks said things like "gnarly. SUPER 8 will resonate with just about everyone, but even more strongly with those falling in the Generation X bracket. Writer/Director J.J. Abrams has learned well at the master's feet. Much of what's in SUPER 8 evokes classic Spielberg. This story is darker and with a harder, more brutal edge, but somewhere in it you can catch glimpses of E.T. and THE GOONIES. Only, the special effects are much more lavish. Even if Abrams teases you for much of the film by only revealing shadowy bits of the terrifying alien set loose in the tiny town.  Abrams constructs a good mystery, and he's excellent with staging the reveals. All of that doesn't impress me as much as how he handles the story's human elements, or, more specifically, how good he is with those scenes showcasing the children. He treats these scenes - which are all a homage to adolescence - with clear affection and humor and perceptiveness. More, he obviously feels a kinship to these kid characters who, just like him at that age, are avid film buffs and amateur filmmakers. Somewhere, in a producer's chair, polishing his Oscars, Spielberg must've been beaming, just beaming. It helps that the two child leads, Joel Courtney and Elle Fanning, are so terrific. They hit those emotional beats just perfect. I also got love for that firecracker-obsessed pal of theirs who is certainly destined to be a future arsonist. What's less excellent - partly because it's resolved in such a perfunctory manner - is how Joe and his dad's strained relationship is developed. Also, Joe's dad (Kyle Chandler) seems slated to have a bigger role to play in the story. But, it turns out, not so much. And, if you're anticipating a full-on E.T.-type interaction between the kids and the alien, prepare to be thwarted. For the most part, this alien is nothing like E.T. ***SPOILER FOR THIS NEXT SENTENCE ONLY*** SUPER 8 shows what well may have happened to E.T. if the military had gotten its hands on him before Eliott did. SUPER 8 is watchable because the premise hooks you in and Abrams knows storytelling. But, for my money, it elevates to must-see status because these kid actors are so good at their craft and because Abrams does well with evoking a child's natural sense of wonder. It's all mint, baby.  And mind that you stay for Charles's completed zombie film (titled "The Case") which plays during the closing credits.
 I was impressed with the acting from these kids. I thought it was well filmed. I enjoyed this movie. The trailer provided on Amazon instant is not representative of the film. We were expecting something different from the trailer vs. the actual movie. However, the movie shines - the trailer should be updated in my opinion.
 I can only say WOW!  No--actually I can say quite a bit more.  This was a fun, roller coaster of a movie.  It was so quiet at times (reminding me a lot of some of M. Night Shyamalan's works) and the next moment I was screaming and giggling at the same time.  Brilliant supporting actors.  The kids were a dream.  Especially the little pyromaniac!  Too funny.  It was also a nostalgic movie, reminding me strongly of "Stand By Me and "Goonies".  It was great watching kids actually getting out and having an adventure.  No wonder they had to set it in the past!  Anyway---I loved it.  Can't wait to see it again and I will definitely be buying this one for my personal collection!
 The film is about basically about an alien (and military knowledge of it) and the small-town heroes who want to solve the mystery and save the town (and ultimately the alien, too.) Sort of a mixture of Gremlins, ET, Jurassic Park (lots of Spielberg-style in this movie), the Goonies, Predator, with a little zombie stuff and Dazed and Confused thrown in. I don't want to give away too much of the plot, but it is very tension driven, not gory (which worked well for the hard-to-please tweens in my house...not kiddies, but not ready for R-ratings.)  I would have liked to have seen more of the character development between the boys (even if the action sequences were a little shorter) but that is just my preference and that doesn't fit with the "summer blockbuster type of genre. Still, it seemed to ride the buddy movie/action movie line very very well. I WANTED the protagonists to win...which doesn't always happen for me in some movies. There were also a few little moments of that-doesn't-make-any-sense and corny stuff, but the movie was so enjoyable, you just let the few go.  Overall, it was quite good. I remember walking out and thinking "I wanna see that AGAIN! which isn't a frequent response I have to most movies. I often judge movies by the amount of popcorn I have left...if it is gone, it means I was kind of bored/not engaged, but I had half a bag left after this one!! Be sure to stay during the credits to see the Super 8 version of "The Case.  I hope people are reading these reviews before the DVD is released, because this one really should be seen on the big screen. It has a nostalgic feel and being in the theater (or better...the Drive-in!) really makes the experience more whole. A dark room at home with lots of popcorn will likely work well, too. I WILL find out because I have to own this!
 Sometimes, you go to see a film and it doesn't leave much of an impression on you. Sometimes it's quite the opposite and you're left to thinking about the film and the story over and over again. "Super 8 - wunderkind director J.J. Abrams' third feature film (as a director) - is definitely slotted in the latter category! When I first viewed the movie trailer, I instantly thought of Steven Spielberg (who produced the film) meets Stephen King - in the vein of <a href="http
 I wont bother with spoilers or a long winded written version of the movie, the trailers are good enough to get an idea of what the movie is about.  Instead I will simply say that this movie is a classic and will be considered so for the remainder of film watching history.  I watched a preview of it recently on Time Warner Cable where the announcer said, "Reminds us why we go to the movies, and I cant express how true that statement is.  Though there are mixed reviews on this movie it is important to remember that these are kids taking the place of the main characters in this film and that is no easy task.  Regardless the characters are well drawn and each of them hilarious in their own right. Aside from the awesome characters and wonderful story there are more technical reasons that make this movie great.  J.J. Abrams' ability to use color and a wide angled shots are abilities that are unrivaled in today's film making community.  When watching this movie look at his amazing ability to use the color blue.  He also seems to have an affinity for the Mid-West and that classic American lifestyle from the sixties and seventies.  His ability to showcase and romanticize that lifestyle is also unrivaled. Like "Star Trek J.J. Abrams has showcased his ability to rejuvenate what made the original so good, and while this movie is no remake it almost feels like an homage to "The Goonies.  What made that classic film so fun and memorable are what drive this movie to its five star rating.  This is simply my opinion but I urge anyone looking to have a fun movie night to watch this movie.  It is both fulfilling and exciting.
 Great movie for the whole family. Feels like Goonies and Close Encounters of the 3rd Kind. JJ Abrams has refined his craft and made his best movie to date.
 JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg bring their movie directing talent together for a great adventure which will take you back to the days of great movies like Close Encounters of the third kind, ET, and Goonies.  Enjoy the the adventure they take you on.  My family did.
 I had wanted to see this when it came out in the theaters but missed it.  My aunt had seen it and said it was great.  I ordered it as soon as it was available.  When it arrived - I watched it that same night and was not disappointed.  It is an action-packed movie with great special affects.  It was great on blu-ray!  I highly recommend it.
 This is such a good movie and all the discs in this pack make it a great value too. Its like E.T. meets the goonies.
 I just rented Super 8 from Netflix and saw it last night and I am kicking myself (or my husband rather) for not seeing it in theater. We were at the edge of our seats at all time. No bathroom breaks. Popcorn practically untouched during scenes when we couldn't tear our eyes away from the screen (most of them). Sometimes, munching like crazy when we were scared out of our wits. Romance, horror, aliens, growing up, death, small towns and more
 . . . LAST YEAR (2011), THERE WERE THREE MOTION PICTURES RELEASED IN THEATERS THAT DIRECTLY WERE INFLUENCED BY AND /OR RELATED TO MAKING MOVIES
 The movie super 8 was the best movie ever i hope steven spilberg and jj abrams do another movie cause this was like soooooooooooooooooooooooooo cool
 This movie was a breath of fresh air.  I saw all the comparisons to E.T. before viewing this film and being 25, E.T. was one of my favorite movies as a kid, but I was honestly desperately hoping they could do an alien film with kids without trying to pull needless tears out of me.  I just didn't want that type of emotional ride.  That being said, let me say this movie is NOTHING like E.T.  We all know E.T. is about children who *befriend* an alien and he parts at the end and we're all just devastated.  That is not the case here at all.  The only remote similarity to E.T. this movie holds is the "style in which it is shot, but if we are judging by "style, we can also say at some points this movie is comparable to The Goonies.  The hairstyles, clothing, cars, etc have a very 80s feel to them, but the year is very ambiguous.  It could be taking place in present day, it could be in 1982, it could be anytime.  If you are a sci-fi fan, you will absolutely love this movie. If you are nostalgic for "the way movies used to be made, you will LOVE this movie.  As soon as the credits begin to roll, I was already ready to watch the movie again because I just couldn't get enough.  Although, they could have carried the story a little further, it really wasn't necessary.  So, if you choose not to read any further, just know this movie is definitely the best film that has came out this year and totally worth all the hype.  Thank you for reading.  ***STOP HERE, MAY SPOIL***  My only difficulty during the movie was Elle Fanning's character and the one boy's creepy crush on her that goes undiscussed for quite a while.  Her character is sort of clueless and really seems to have no place other than to be the one girl and to take part in the film the kids are making. I found myself, at times, kind of wishing she was not there.  Her dad is depicted as a a-hole and we are not supposed to like him, but I found myself agreeing with him *just* because the boy had not really stated his purpose and was kinda "hanging around just waiting on her to profess her undying love for him.  However!  I must say there's eventually a conversation and it was not really addressed how I thought it would be, but they were able to relate to one another in a way we were not aware of until the scene takes place.  This redeems their relationship a little and makes it much easier to understand and to watch.  Whew!  ***DEFINITE SPOILERS*** Towards the end, I was pleasantly surprised to find the boy was willing to confront the alien face-to-face when I was *just* thinking, "Man, he should totally take on the alien himself instead of all of them running like idiots and as soon as I thought it should happen, it did.  The lesson was completely gratifying.  The boy confronts his fear and verbalizes to the malevolent alien that "Bad things happen, but that doesn't mean you can't LIVE, which we know wasn't *just* about the alien situation currently taking place.  We learn about "letting go and acceptance.  I was shocked they even thought to do this.  It could have easily taken the direction of a war movie with the kids having some kind of insight into the situation, but this, oh, it was so much better.  The movie knew what it wanted to be and completely stayed true to it the entire time.
 This classic-to-be, by director J. J. Abrams and Producer Steven Spielberg, captures everything about the dreams of my youth.  I remember writing creative stories for my grade school class and illustrating them with crayon drawings.  I was hooked on Science Fiction like many young men of that era.  "Super 8 is a masterpiece...not only because it ventures where my thoughts and creative dreams wandered, but because it was perfectly cast, scripted and visualized by Spielberg and Abrams.  Without giving away one cent of the plot and outcome, this is a film that unfolds to new heights and you find yourself taking tiny doses of what ends up to be a mighty prescription for thrills, chills and heart-tugging (a trademark of Spielberg) emotions.  When it comes to an end, you'll want to watch it again.  When it begins, you never really want it to end.  Don't miss this gem.
 Read some of the reviews before hand and became cautious as to purchase or not. Well I took the chance and lest I say I was totally impressed and entertained. The plot line was rather slow in the beginning but moved quicker as characters developed. Every possible human emotion played out seamlessly creating an action packed landscape too a spectacular conclusion. Fantastic cinema at its greatest. Worth watching!
 Wow. This was ET/Close Encounters of the 3rd Kind/Cloverfield/The Goonies all rolled into one with some Stand by Me thrown in as well - and it was a roller coaster ride of fun, excitement, drama, family, friendship, love, redemption and forgiveness.  The humor was excellent, especially between the kids. The humor was spot on, even during the more tense scenes and how the kids pulled together, helped each other out, even when they had their differences. This reminded me so much of how I was with my friends when I was their age.  Abrams' script and pacing with this film has made this a movie to enjoy over and over again. For an Abrams film, it's quite different from how Star Trek (another excellent film) was, but that should not deter you from watching this movie. Even the drug use by one of the characters is put to good use in a humorous way on how the use of drugs can be dangerous. It made me laugh but it was a message to kids
 It seemed a little like the movie Goonies with a little extra terrestrial spin.  I would say if that's your genre then this is your film.
 I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this movie considering I watched it on a whim. It felt like a fun 80's throwback, somehow reminding me of the Goonies- one of my favourite childhood movies. It had that same sense of youthful adventure and escapism, admittedly with a somewhat darker tone. The cinematography was simply beautiful and the acting extraordinary, especially on the part of Joel Courtney and Elle Fanning, who gave very nuanced performances. I thought this was a thoroughly enjoyable movie.
 Wife and I loved this movie, had us entertained from beginning to end! Highly recommend, fun for the whole family with some cuss words but not to bad!
 I absolutely love this film!  Well done all around; great effects, fun and lovable characters, and a good enough story to keep you interested throughout the film.  This film will make you laugh and cry... in a good way!
 I have watched probably 30 movies in the past month or so, and this is the first one that has made me want to review it. There is so much junk these days, so many bad stories, repetitious stories, so much bad acting (mostly bad directing), coming of age movies, or deadly B-rated shark attack movies (the new and "improved syfy channel batters us with some of the worst movies, my husband and I watch them because it's actually entertaining making fun of them), paranormal movies that not only do not scare me, but make me cringe they are so terrible (why does the woman ALWAYS scream????), movies where the theme is about dying, but the character either meets the love of their lives or becomes some sort of hero, movies about today's new and improved families (usually pushing one or several of today's interpretation of family and how wonderful they are - I call them preachy movies), lame love stories that usually make me wish I had those 90 minutes of my life back at the end, or so-called comedies, filled with so many bathroom references, it just stops being funny. I've recently been complaining that there aren't enough of the wonderful big movies like Gladiator, Terminator, Independence Day, Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, or any Alien movie or Underworld type movies these days. Batman, Spiderman or any of the comics superheroes seem to be the only ones being produced. (Exception being the Hunger Games movies which are exceptional!)  Today, as I was perusing my sad selection of Netflix movies, I noticed this one (Super 8) made by JJ Abrams and produced by Steven Spielburg. I read the blurb about six kids making a movie and catching something supernatural with their Super 8 camera. There are two genres - there is supernatural, and there is sci fi. Sometimes the two intertwine, but honestly, this one fits neatly into the sci fi genre. SPOILER ALERT
 "Super 8 is a well done film. The narrative is smooth and generally makes sense. The visuals are impressive with the film within a film device working particularly well. The acting is believable from start to finish. The "creature turns out to be "someone who is far from home and has been frightened into madness.  At the heart of story is a boy who has lost his mother in a terrible work accident, a father who has lost his wife and, as a result, his son, and is trying to replace both with his job, and an alien imprisoned for many years by a combination of curious scientists, and nasty government types.  The three are thrown together by a train crash and the film is mostly about them moving toward each other.  At one point the boy yells at his father that "he does not get it. At the end of the film, the dad holds his son in his arms and says "I got you. A few moments earlier the alien, having grabbed the kid, and discovering that he has touched a kindred soul- lost, sad, in pain, angry- hears the words
 the first 75 minutes was a tour de force, excellent film-making!  the end got a little predictable and sentimental, but still good.  yes, it's a homage to earlier spielberg movies, especially ET, and a little close encounters.  still, the script is outstanding, funny, and heartfelt.  the kids are excellent and clever in a realistic way.  born in the 70s myself, a little nostalgia is always welcome (i can remember when i painted action/fantasy figures too/model trains... the days before video games and internet!!!!)  thumbs up !!
 A nice movie and I also liked the extras that were added.  It really was cute and interesting. Love the digital copy
 This item arrived when it said it would and was in it's promised condition. My boyfriend loved his Christmas present!
 I bought this movie on Blue Ray when it came out. Once I saw it this past summer I had to buy it! Fanning does a great job on one of her first movies Ive seen her in. The whole cast did a great job! Deffently a instant classic for all time.
 An amazing movie! Fantasy, action, drama, suspense, comedy... all that blended with a great story about friendship and understanding! In the end... spoilers... the aftermath leave you questioning about our actions in a situation like that... who is the bad one? how can we define good or bad? Great movie!!!
 I'm a cranky movie person.  Jaded.  Don't like movies.  But this one got to me.  Just great writing, great characters.  Well done.  I hope it lasts a long time in the public consciousness.
 This review is purely for the audio on this blu-ray. It is reference-level from start to finish. The train derailment has now become my #1 demo scene for showing off my home theater.
 Missed this at the movies wanted to see it but it was a bit pricy at the retail stores, found it on Amazon for 1/2 the price. Great movie good quality and got it quickly!
 I wasn't sure about this one due to all of the hype connected with it,so I ordered it with an open mind.Well now I am glad that I bought it.A lot of excitement in it and the effects are really good.Thanks to the other reviewers for taking the time to post their thoughts on the movie, as it aids in making a choice on where to buy or not.I bought the dvd of it and now am going to order the bluray version.Don't miss this one Folks.
 So sorry I missed this in the theater, but at least I have a 42 TV to enjoy it now. This is a superb movie with some good young actors & a satisfying story. It's a monster movie, a family movie, a movie about friends, and a movie about growing up and moving beyond.  This could easily join my overly-crowded pantheon of top ten movies.
 This is a great movie. I know that there are those out there who don't agree, but at the end of the day, I enjoyed it. Does it remind me a little bit of "The Goonies and "E.T."? Sure, but it does not matter. The blu-ray looks and sounds great and the inclusion of the digital copy makes this a bonus buy.
 This is an amazing movie with non stop action you should really buy this movie it is really good. Yes  it really is
 I cannot believe that there have been negative reviews of this film.  It was your classic Steven Spielberg production, a combination of Stand By Me and ET.  A group of middle school friends are making a zombie movie when strange things start to happen, including a massive train crash, the arrival of the U.S. military in town, and of course space creatures.  The main character recently lost his mother in a tragic accident at the local factory.  He has a massive crush on Elle Fanning's character.  They are both the kids of single dads and will eventually discover that they share a deeper bond.  It's a very sweet romance, and the relationship among the friends is also very credible.  It takes your formulaic plot and turns it into something fresh, sweet, and at times funny.  Much better and more authentic than all the Transformer movies combined!  The kids' making of the zombie movie and what goes into the production adds a somewhat autobiographical touch to the film.  I loved it.
 to me this movie seemed like the modern version of The Goonies. i don't mean it's a remake of that movie or anything to do with The Goonies film. the characters just reminded me of when i first saw the Goonies. great film, great story, great characters (all fresh fish). overall a great film for the entire family and alien lovers. im not going to give you a breakdown of the movie you can find that elsewhere here on Amazon or anywhere else. im simply saying this is a great movie you should definitely buy.
 Great train wreck! The actors were good and I liked the JJ Abrams feel of the film. A little Spielberg doesn't hurt either!
 20th Century Fox present "THE SHIRLEY TEMPLE
 I bought these videos for my niece for her birthday because she is like a little Shirley Temple. I was a little worried since they weren't animated like her favorite shows she wouldn't be interested in watching them. I was however happily surprised as she watched in amazement and danced around the living room.  I also had no idea when I ordered these videos that you can watch them in black and white or in color which I think makes them even better!
 My husband and I both love all Shirley Temple memorabilia and were excited to receive Vol. 2 of her movie collection.  The quailty of the CD's was exceptional and the pricing was much better than we expected.The product was shipped quickly and we will definately order again as we expand our collection.....A must have!  We would highly reccomend it to all Shirley Temple fans.
 I got these for my Mom to give to my niece for her birthday.  She is dancing to Shirley Temple in her dance classes.  She LOVES them and watches them constantly!!  It is wonderful that these classics can literally be enjoyed by the generations!
 I bought these Shirley Temple DVD's for my granddaughter for Christmas. She's 6 years old and she thorouly enjoyed them.  They brought back so many wonderful memories for me also.   I love shopping through Amazon because everything comes to my home rapidly and always in excellent condition
 Above average quality of film remastery and colorization.  I am a pleased consumer and would recommend this product for any one who remembers, or wants to share 'curly top' with someone who didn't get to see her movies. Shirley Temple movies were something we looked forward to every Sunday afternoon growing up here in Detroit (Michigan).  Enjoy!
 I purchased this mainly for when my 8-yr.old granddaughter comes over to give us a break from The Beverley Hill Billies which she absolutely loves! We both are enjoying these. We have not seen them all yet. They arrived in a timely manner in good condition.
 In mint condition, as advertised.  Shipped promptly.  A great collection of classic Shirley Temple movies.  A "must have for fans of America's Sweetheart, Shirley Temple.
 Growing up - we watched these movies. Now I share them with my family and they are still as enjoyable today as they were back then. Shirley Temple is truly an amazing young star. And, with our economy in the slumps - as she did in the depression era - she brings a little happiness during this recessionary time.
 I have at the moment two box sets and they're both excellent. A revelation! The colour is faultless and is certainly the best enhanced patented process I have ever seen. All in keeping with the wonderful Shirley, her storylines and cast. What a blessing. I encourage anyone with a brain to buy any Shirley items, and look forward to buying more
 The three sets of DVDs I had you send to my daughter and her family were extremely well received.  The relatively fast delivery along with the quality of the DVDs themselves, at least the ones they viewed thus far, are indicative of the good service I've had with Amazon in past purchases.  I plan to continue as a customer for books and DVDs.  Joe Schweyer Indian Harbour Beach, FL
 I grew up watching these Shirley Temple movies. It was refreshing to see simple...well acted movies without a political agenda. You don't have to watch nudity or hear swearing.
 Bought this for my daughter and she loved it.  Great quality.  You can pick if you want to watch it in black & White or Color.
 My family enjoy watching these movies. I feel they will be watched for many years to come. Product arrived good to go. No viewing problems.
 I just love her.. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas to add to her collection and she just loved it. I too have all her movies, plates and dolls and much more. The movies are just wonderful and just enjoy the good old acting and singing.
 I have always loved ST movies and this collection is very good.  I want to get every set so that I'll have all her movies one day.
 These were purchased for a Christmas gift for my wife. She loves them, it makes her very happy too watch them, so I love them also.
 ordering this was fast and easy,the person that took my order was very nice and sweet to talk to.I recieved my order quickly and in excellent shape.Thanks Amazon.
 I ordered this as a gift for a little 4yearold girl, she loved it and the color was pretty good compared to what I thought it would be. Happy with my purchase
 My wife is a long time fan of Shirley Temple and was so thrilled to receive these wonderful remastered movies.
 This is a 3-DVD set featuring everyone's favorite 30's childstarlet, Shirley Temple. Included in this set is Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm(1938), Bright Eyes(1934), and Baby Take a Bow(1934). Each movie is encased in its own DVD keeper.  Each movie has an option for subtitles in english or spanish as well as the original black & white or a new colorized version. There is also a spanish audio option for Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm and Baby Take a Bow. Theatrical trailers include Heidi(1937), Dimples(1936), and Little Miss Broadway(1938).  Great set of beloved Shirley Temple classics to be enjoyed all over again and restored to its original pristine condition. Additionally, these classics can be enjoyed with an improved colorized version on a modern DVD format. Rejoice, Shirley Temple fans.
 I got the DVD s in excellent condition. They work really well... no problem at all
 I bought this movie for my mom at Christmas time. She really enjoys her movies.
 We love all the Shirley Temple movies!!!!!!!! We found this one here at a great price. This completed my 7yr olds collection. Thanks!!!!
 If purchasing THE SEVERED ARM, I highly recommend that you purchase the VIDEO GEMS VHS version only as it is the only UNCUT AND UNCENSORED VERSION AROUND!!! Beware the Cut TV Version offered on VHS by CONGRESS VIDEO GROUP, STAR CLASSICS (maybe others?) as well as ALL DVD versions (DIAMOND, BRENTWOOD and the newly released ALPHA VIDEO). ONLY VIDEO GEMS is the UNCUT AND UNCENSORED VERSION!!!
 A great b movie.Has your typical 1970's blood and gore.Not so much as to make you think it was "over done".  The story starts out with a man receiving a mysterious package. Guess what?  It's a severed arm! Yikes! Then the story goes backward in time to when 6 Men are trapped in a mine shaft.  Time is running out so they make a decision to draw strips of paper and the one with the shortest has to lose his arm to save the other 5 from starvation.  Ironically they are saved as  Ted Rodgers' arm  is being amputated and now  a psycho-killer is running around  killing off the rest of the group and removing the arm of its victims.  Who is this psycho-killer?  Is it Ted seeking vengeance?  Will Detective Mark find the killer in time? Also there is a nice twist at the end.  Picture and sound quality good for a b-movie.
 st. clair is one of the best when it comes to these movie sets and once again they have come through with this set of spaghetti westerns. sorry i don't have a list of movies but while the movies are a mixed bag of good to ok westerns the set is great. the movies all look good and the set as with all their sets has a few extras. so check it out!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is what my 7 year-old daughter has to say about the movie
 I am a big Bratz Babyz fan, and when I found out about this movie, I had to see it! The songs are great, my favorite songs are "Ready Or Not", and "All Together". The movie is about six three year olds-(Cloe; Jade; Sasha; Yasmin; Nora; and Nita who go to the mall for a day of fun at the mall's day care. When Nora and Nita arrive at the day care, Nora finds she accidently brought her twin sister's (Nita) puppy to the mall. Nita picks on Nora a lot, and this only makes Nita more pissed off at Nora. The puppy ends up escaping, and the babyz have to escape the day care without Miss Calabash-who runs the day care-noticing, which shouldn't be too hard, considering all the other kids in the day care are always chasing her around and jumping on her. When the babyz escape, they find the puppy has been "dognapped by the mall bully
 While i haven't viewed this DVD myself, it has rave reviews from my 4 year old granddaughter and her mom. She has about 50 wonderful dvd's and this is one of her favorite. It is nothing like the Bratz dolls you may have heard of or seen in the stores. Don't hesitate, it's a winner!!
 My 3yr and 6rd old are obsessed with this movie and walk around singing the songs all day long. It might actually be a little mature for the 3yr old but she is inundated with her older sister's stuff everyday anyway...
 Great movie.  My baby girl has watched this movie at least 20 times.  Each time you would think it was her first.  The music keeps her singing.  It is a great movie that all the kids will enjoy.
 My 4 yr old loves the bratz movies however i felt the movies were made for older children instead of toddlers. Bratz Babyz was the perfect solution. It features the same musical style and fashion (baby version) as Bratz with a toddler storyline.
 My children absolutely LOVE this movie!  I must admit, I enjoy watching it too.  The animation reminds me of the back in the day Saturday morning cartoons. It's a great DVD and I am really glad I bought it.
 I'm giving this five stars because of its historical and nostalgic value, and for the amazing performance of the band.  The overdubbing on Ozzy's vocals would pull it down to a four if not for the quality of the whole package, which documents heavy metal at its glorious 1980's best.  This concert was recorded June 12, 1982 during the Diary of a Madman tour, less than three months after the death of Randy Rhoads.  It's not the same as the CD version, featuring mostly songs from Ozzy's first two solo albums.  Ozzy delivered the goods to the crowd at Irvine Meadows in California, bellowing and running around the stage like a...well, a madman...jumping up and down, clapping and headbanging relentlessly.  He deserves credit for pulling off the rest of that tour after such a terrible tragedy.  Brad Gillis, Rudy Sarzo, Tommy Aldridge, and Don Airey are all spectacular backing up the Ozz-man.  The performance of Gillis is nothing less than stunning.  His solo after Suicide Solution, and the subsequent instrumental piece by the band that culminates with Tommy's drum solo, is nearly worth the price of the DVD alone.  Tommy's solos were legendary, climaxing with his feverish hands-only routine.  Rudy Sarzo matches the frantic energy of Gillis, bookending Ozzy with pure heavy metal ferocity.  The set and show production exemplify the epic grandeur of 80's concerts.  A huge medieval castle flanks the band.  Airey, cloaked in a black reaper's robe, occupies a balcony of the castle.  A huge laser-light winged bat flies over the band and menaces the crowd.  Aldridge sits atop a huge pyramidal drum riser.  Everything about the staging is humongous, reminding me how much more theatrical big concerts used to be.  It's without question an incredible show to watch.  The sound and the picture are good on the DVD.  I don't hear any flaws in the sound, and while the picture might look somewhat fuzzy at times, I like it that way.  TV broadcasts from that era (this was shown on MTV Halloween night) all have that look, and it adds to the vintage feel.  The DVD also comes with a booklet that includes some cool pictures and a piece by Rudy Sarzo about participating in the tour.  It's a nice extra.  Even though there are quite a few moments when Ozzy's mouth clearly doesn't match up with the vocals, it does seem like the real vocals are used from time to time.  And all of his shouting and bantering with the crowd is obviously original audio.  Some people have said some of the vocal tracks sound the same as Tribute, but I don't think it is.  There are several songs where Ozzy changes a few notes or his phrasing, and those clearly are not on other live releases.  Overall, I'm very happy they finally put this out officially on DVD.  I see it as a must-have for hardcore Ozzy fans.
 I am so glad to see this FINALLY come to official release. I have had this on VHS then to bootleg ( AND EDITED) DVD . . . to a DVD that had Japanese writing on the screen. I have NEVER understood why SPEAK OF THE DEVIL hasn't been available till now.  That said -  This show is absolutely KILLER ! It is sad that it was on the wake of Randy's death but Brad Gillis is just ridiculously on TOP of the game! His quick learning of the material and the deadly tone of his Mesa/Boogie Mark2C amps and his outlaw red 1962 Fender strat just boggle the mind.  It is also important (I think) to realize that the tremolo bar Brad uses is like the number FOUR 'Original' Floyd Rose that Floyd himself was hand-crafting  in His basement. The locking tremolo was just becoming into circulation and even though Eddie Van Halen had one already and was using it - Brad just wrote His own book about it.  There are TOO many highlights to this AWESOME SHOW -but for me, the song 'Suicide Solution' comes close to the top! Brad Gillis and his Floyd Rose techniques at the middle to end of the song and THEN His solo,  becomes almost something that Floyd Rose should included in the box of EVERY tremolo unit He sells. SIMPLY DEVASTATING guitar work!  SPEAK of the Devil is a piece of Metal History that THANK GOD is now being preserved. I thought for sure it would be lost to bootleg - if at all.  OZZY moves on - Brad goes back to Night Ranger - and all we have is this. THANK YOU EAGLEROCK !  AAA+++!!!
 The date was June 12, 1982.  Twelve weeks earlier, during a break to the history-making Diary of a Madman Tour, Ozzy Osbourne's high profile guitarist, Randy Rhoades, died tragically and needlessly in a private plane crash.  Ozzy wrote years later in his autobiography that, "I don't think I want to be a rock `n roller anymore.  However, as the old saying goes, the show must go on and the tour picked up where it had left off.  In the unenviable position of having to fill the shoes of Randy Rhoades, Brad Gillis was the guitar slinger who ultimately filled the role - and quite well, as a matter of fact. He gelled nicely and seamlessly with Ozzy, Rudy Sarzo (bass), Don Airey (keyboards), and Tommy Aldridge (drums).  The dynamic of the band was captured on film that night of June 12th during an epic performance at Irvine Meadows.  The audio has been digitally restored and re-mastered in Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound and in DTS and is being offered to Ozzy fans on crystal clear DVD.  All the songs in the entire performance are noteworthy.  Particular Boomerocity favorites are
 I was at this concert.  It is great to see the band and the stage set up once again.  Brad had huge shoes to fill after Randy died.  After seeing them on New Year's eve in Los Angeles with Randy, it was hard for all us fans to accept the new guitarist.  Ozzy was in a funk, as were all of us less than 3 months after that tragic day.  But, listening to the solos, I respect Brad Gillis more and more.  He displays lots of subtle magic.  The DVD title is the same as the great CD of the same tour. The camera angles and cuts are perfect.  The sound and video quality are very good. Heartfelt liner notes from Rudy Sarzo too. I recommend this video.  So glad they finally released it.  OZZY! OZZY! OZZY!
 I really enjoyed this concert, after so many years, it's finally been released! The tracks were Awesome, what i didn't like about it was the footage wasn't remastered, anyways the concert was Awesome, i Love how they opened with Over The Mountain! For any Ozzy fan this concert is Awesome N Amazing!!
 My checklist for a great DVD
 Some info about this dvd from the Black Sabbath & Family - Archives website 
 This Cd reminds me more of the tragic loss of Randy Rhoades more than anything else.It was fortunate for Ozzy to find temporary guitarists Brad Gillis which shows that he can play guitar.He would have been an excellent choice but he had other plans with NightRanger. Anyway great Dvd great performance!
 This is classic Ozzy at his best. I'd only heard the audio to this point. I was thrilled when I saw the dvd. A must owe for any true Ozzy fan!
 i was 11 yrs old when this concert was done and didn't know what heavy metal was. but i have to submit, this concert was taken from an out of print vhs tape, given a proper remaster with audio and maybe the video. ozzy at his very best with this concert. this was before ozzy did the sweet leaf song a few performances later and those whom are hot-under-the-collar over "no sweet leaf on this dvd? you all need to get over your stoner fixations. over the last few years ozzy has turned over a new leaf and gone straight(no drugs, alcohol or ego-trips), besides ozzy IS the godfather of all heavy metal, without him none of heavy metal would exist today, so pay homage to y(our) cultural messiah, the ozbourne family is a cultural institution unto themselves and we are all obligated to give our respect, those whom don't are false metalheads. keep in mind black sabbath gave birth to heavy metal in 1970.  i have been a metalhead since 1985 and i am never giving it up. i have lost girl friends over my devotion to metal, which is no big thing to me. if you want to get with me ladies, keep one thing in mind...."it has got to be metal if you want to headbang with me"! and a love of european splatter films is a double bonus.
 only bad part not randy on guitar. stageset is killer. saw show with randy on jan 9 1982 in salt lake city. best concert i ever saw. this dvd is also killer,one of the best lineups ever.
 First, this band is amazing, and the quality of sound is great. Brad Gillis (Guitar) is relentless. My only quam, is that they didn't include the songs "The Wizard (featuring unbelievably amazing drumming by Tommy Aldridge), and "Fairies wear boots . These were two of the best songs from this show in my opinion. I really wish they threw these two songs on the disc. You also can't help but imagine what this show would have been like with Randy Rhodes at his finest. I know someone who saw Ozzy with Randy playing guitar in Asbury Park NJ in the early 80's, and he said he forgot all about Eddie Van Halen after seeing that show.
 UPDATE 7/18/2012
 I actually have not had the time to watch the video but I am a huge Ozzy fan and this is a licensed product.
 Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn, Ewan McGregor, and Jane Horrocks give absolutely stellar performances in this wonderfully quirky film. The title of the film refers to Jane Horrocks' character who is called "Little Voice or LV, for short.  LV is a mousy, meek, painfully shy and reclusive little thing with an itty bitty speaking voice. She is totally overwhelmed by her brazen and common mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), who treats LV with scarcely concealed contempt. Part of that contempt is fueled by LV's devotion to her late father's memory and her fondness for old time musical stars. She has a collection of records by those long ago stars, that she plays over and over, a collection that she apparently inherited from her beloved father.  Her passion for this music drives her mother crazy, as it seems to remind Mari of her late husband, whom she apparently held in the same regard in which she holds LV. Only Billy (Ewan MCGregor), the local telephone repairman, a sensitive, young man who trains and raises pigeons as a hobby, seems to talk to LV as if she were a sentient being.  Mari begins dating Ray Say (Michael Caine), an over the hill, has been talent scout. Mari is pathetic, as she tries desperately to hang on to whatever vestiges of her youth remain. Ray, a sleazy opportunist, who thinks that he is God's gift to women, does not exactly reciprocate Mari's lavish affections. I cannot, however, think of two people who deserve each other more.  One day, LV is in her room singing, and Ray overhears her, but what he hears is "Judy Garland". It seems that LV can sing and sound exactly like those old time musical stars. Ray is in seventh heaven with his discovery. You can almost see the dollar signs in his eyes. He will do whatever it takes to get LV on stage, though his unctiousness towards her only serves to fuel Mari's jealousy of Ray's attention to her daughter.  Ultimately, Mari and Ray band together, however, as LV is their meal ticket to fame and fortune, if they can only get her to overcome her shyness and reclusiveness. They do not, however, understand why she sings. It is this lack of perception that that will, in the end, be their undoing.  Nonetheless, LV goes on to give one of the most show stopping performances ever to grace center stage. The transformation is incredible. Jane Horrocks gives a performance to be remembered! The only question is whether Ray and Mari can get LV to sing more than once. See the movie and find out for yourself. This is, without a doubt, an exceptional film.
 I saw this movie on a whim. For those people, like myself, who haven't yet taken the big steps into 'indie' films, this movie is a good place to start.  It's about Little Voice (played by an amazingly talented Jane  Horrocks, where did this girl come from?), a young woman with a voice  that's barely above a whisper. And living with her mother (played by the  enjoyable Brenda Blethyn), I can understand why. But LV has got something  about her. When she wants to express herself she opens up her mouth and  sings. What I was suprised to learn was that Ms.Horrocks does all of her  own singing, which is amazing!  Needless to say, it's not long before  people are discovering her, including sleazy agent Micheal Caine and sweet  pidgeon messenger Ewan McGregor. I'm not going to say any more, I want  everyone to see this movie, because it really is a fantastic one! It's too  bad it's not more well known, because the performances are great, the  acting is superb, and the whole feel of the movie is one that makes you  want to get up and dance!
 I wasn't expecting great things when I first sat down to watch  Little Voice . My God, was I blown away. What a movie! What a cast! And Jane Horrocks (Bubble from  Absolutely Fabulous ) what  a voice! A shy, young introvert (Horrocks) locks herself away in her room  where she mimicks Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and Shirley Bassey in an  attempt to escape her over-bearing, loud, common mother (played to the hilt  by the brilliant Blethyn). Enter a sleazy, slimy talent agent (Caine) who  discovers her and tries to cash in on Little Voice's amazing talent. I  won't say too much more except you MUST buy this movie to add to your DVD  library! If only to hear Horrocks' voice. Yes, she actually sang all the  numbers herself in this movie....AMAZING! Why didn't this movie win an  Academy Award for something? Who votes in the winners? Are they blind as  well as deaf? What's wrong with Hollywood today?
 4.5 stars, rounded up to 5.  Jane Horrocks, who played numerous characters in the cult English sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous", shines here as a sorrowfully shy girl with a talent beyond belief.  After her father died, many years ago, she resigned herself to listening to his old records, and singing along with them. She soon became a virtuoso, capable of imitating Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe, and others. In equally brilliant performances, Michael Caine and Brenda Blethyn (Pride and Prejudice) the former wants to bring LV's talent to the world, certain that great riches are but a step away. Brenda (LV's mom) is at first completely oblivious to her daughters talent, as she is far too egocentric to notice anything or anyone but herself - unless it's a man. In that case, she's quite the player.  There is a somewhat interesting - although perhaps unnecessary - love interest between LV and Billy (Ewan McGregor). It seems to serve as helping LV to open up to the world, but there are so many things/occurrences that can happen to a person that incite change that I'm a little fed up with movies taking the easy way out with a love interest. AND, there was such an occurrence in the film itself. Still, Ewan plays his part well, and while his interest in LV is a bit difficult to understand, it's not entirely unbelievable.  What IS unbelievable is Jane Horrocks's amazing voice. You'd think that the filmmakers would have her lip synch while either a recording of Judy Garland, or someone who could imitate her, was singing. But they didn't need to do so. Horrocks did so herself. She imitated all of the artist's brilliantly, and nearly perfectly.  It was easy to see, after this performance, what a remarkably gifted actress she is. The characters she played on "AbFab were hysterical and widely variant, though she is best known as the mentally challenged Bubble.
 How did the Academy Awards miss this rich film?  Little Voice is yet another one of those quiet British gems with incredible performances and stunning writing.  Jane Horrocks is spellbinding as Laura  L V   Hoff, who, since the death of her father, has been in a world of her own,  where the only way she can truly communicate is through impeccable  impersonations of the female singers on her father's old records.  With the  help of LV's mother (the impressive Brenda Blethyn), agent Ray Say, played  by Michael Caine, tries to turn her daughter's talent into showbiz fame and  fortune.  Don't miss this incredible movie!
 Astounding performances lift this movie and make it soar!  Michael Caine portrays perhaps the most vile character of his career with a range of nuance and expression that would challenge even the most adept actors.  It might well be his best work ever!  But his sleazy Ray Say would be just another manipulative has-been were it not for the work of Jane Horrocks' Little Voice.  Ms. Horrocks doesn't just recreate the voices of Judy Garland, Marlilyn Monroe and numerous other singers, she practically channels them in one of the most unique performances I've ever seen. Little Voice or LV for short is a severely withdrawn young woman whose response to an earlier trauma has rendered her mute but for an ability to sing in the voice of past stars.  Her mother, Brenda Blethyn, is accepting of this until linking up with Caine's struggling agent, Ray.  The two seek to exploit LV, albeit for differing reasons; Mom wants her to succeed at something, while Ray sees nothing but profit in a client with more potential than his current stable of strippers and hack comics. Ewan McGregor appears as an equally shy telephone repair man, with Jim Broadbent as a club owner that is every bit as low brow as his clientele.  Beyond the marvelous characterizations, the film's setting in a northern England city makes for a setting of pathos and futility that has you rooting for LV to escape not only her emotional prison but the physical one of her family and environment.  Horrocks will have your heart within the first five minutes and she never lets go.
 Jane Horrocks' performance as LV was the best I've seen in a movie.  Who knew that people with that much talent were permitted to exist in our society?  Of course the rest of the cast was stunning as well...Brenda  Blethyn was much more deserving of the academy award than Judi Dench.  She  really made me hate her and her loud mouth, uncaring ways, yet in the end  she got my sympathy, something I'm never willing to give out.  And Michale  Caine's own performance as he sings of his washed up carreer is worth  seeing.  The script is funny at times and devastating at others, and it  isn't the happiest of stories, but it has more spirit than can usually be  captured on film.
 ...of my multi region dvd player...and though the dvd came from overseas and is in a different format i experienced no problems...the time it took for delivery seemed reasonable and the condition was as promised.
 Vulgar, hilarious, surreal and sad. Another addition to the 'Full Monty' and 'Brassed Off' genre that are such a delight to watch. 'Little Voice' tells the story of a girl who seemingly imprisons herself in her upstairs room with a collection of her father's records, and who is talent-spotted by a sleazy talent-scout who overhears her amazing vocal impressions of female singers. All this happens against the backdrop of the nitty-gritty of a Yorkshire seaside town. Comedy through sadness; laughter through tears. Fantastic performance by the lovely Jane Horrocks as the sweet LV, and she did her own musical impressions, which were passable, but not perfect. But that doesn't matter, as it isn't really the point. If you liked 'Brassed Off' and 'The Full Monty' you'll love this! get it!
 Horrocks is a wonder!  Why isn't she famous here in America?  I hope her amazing talent is appreciated in the UK.  In many ways this movie reminded me of old-fashioned musical romances - but with many modern twists keeping it from being predictable. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 Judy Garland, Marlena Deitrich, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are L.V.'s (short for Little Voice) best friends in the world!  On 33 1/3 LP's, that is!  L.V. Hoff, played specactularly by Absolutely Fabulous' Miss Jane Horrocks, is a timid, shy, mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear, dead father's record collection over and over again.  You see, L.V. and her boisterous, overbearing, abusive pig of a mother, Mari played wonderfully by the great Brenda Blethyn live above the family business, Hoff Records.  Enter telephone men George and Billy, (Philip Jackson & Ewan McGregor). They install Mari's first phone in the Hoff's small flat.  Billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets L.V., he is smitten and so is she.  Mari, always on the lookout for a new beau, finds one in talent producer, Ray Say, played by a great Michael Caine.  So great, in fact that Michael was nominated for an Oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario Mr. Ray Say. After Ray hears L.V. singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit L.V.'s singing talent.  L.V. debuts at Mr. Boo's (Jim Broadbent) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being "booed off the stage.  Of course, Ray wants L.V. to try again so under the influence of Ray, Mari and her friend Sadie, played by Annette Badland, L.V. agrees to do one more show.  L.V. is a HIT with her impersonations of all her and her father's favorite singers and actors. Ray makes a BOATLOAD of money, wants L.V. to come away with him, Mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you won't forget!  This movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for Jane Horrocks in mind as Little Voice.  I don't understand how Miss Horrocks was passed over for an Oscar nomination herself.  She is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters.  Highly Recommended and Happy Watching!
 Jane Horrocks demonstrates amazing Liza-in-her-prime-like talent here.  And Brenda Blethyn turns in her usual strong performance (although using the subtitle feature on the DVD might be a smart way to penetrate that often unintelligible accent). However, this movie revolves around Michael Caine's spectacular performance as talent scout / manager Ray Say.  I just watched Caine's latest film,  The Quiet American.   Put these three recent films together - Little Voice, Cider House Rules, The Quiet American and you've got three tremendous performances in *completely* different roles.  To me, the Ray Say role is far and away the best of the lot, yet it was the only one not nominated for an Academy Award.  At least the BAFTAs were paying attention.
 My wife, daughter and I just watched this and loved it. We were amazed to see at the end that Jane Horrocks actually did her own singing.  Amazing! This was a sweet story.  Michael Caine was fantastic giving what was probably his most  real  performance.  And Ewan McGregor was great in a surprisingly timid role as a shy suitor. We also laughed quite a bit at the great subtle humor in the film.  Keep a lookout for the scene where the old couple dressed like indians prepare to go on stage with their knife throwing act.
 I was highly impressed with Little Voice. It is a film that moved me, made me laugh, and almost made me cry. The acting is simply awesome, especially by the wonderful Jane Horrocks, and the awesome Brenda Blythen.  Laura  Hoff (Horrocks) is a soft-spoken young woman living in Britian, who gets  called Little Voice, for she does not speak often. When Ray (Michael  'Marvellous' Caine) discovers her ability to sing like Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Shirly Bassie, he leads her to showbusiness. But how  does L.V. feel? I guarantee you will not be disappointed with Little  Voice, it is a heartfelt yet funny comedy that keeps you stuck to your  seat. Enjoy!
 Filmed in Scarborough, Yorkshire, by a director (Mark Herman) who has his finger on the pulse of real Yorkshire life (witness  Brassed  Off ). This film should have cleaned up at the Oscars. Michael Caine  at his sensational best!
 wow!what a great moviSo underrated,but definetly one of the best comedy dramas ive seen in yrs!the concept is so unique.a troubled youn girl living with her promiscuous mother who has qute a voice.after her mother begins to sleep with the dashing michael cane,he discovers her brilliant young lady,and gives her a job at his resteraunt!she is quite a hit,but sadness awaits too.all i have to say is if you havent seen this movie,you must.it has it all-its funny,sad,touching,and posses a brilliant cast,witty charm,a sadness of sorts,and potential to be one of the best movies of the year!
 I saw this film 3 times in the movie house and it was among the first I purchased when I bought a DVD player... Caine, Blethyn, MacGregor and Horrocks are all at their best in this film(husshhh; Blethyn a bit better than the others...) For anyone, everywhere, who has lost a friend, a loved one(here a father) it isn`t hard 2 identify oneself with Laura(LV). The stunning thing is that the film could have been about ME in that department. I have always listened 2 Judy Garland - especially when the World has been against me. And by God that voice has helped me. Enough of the similarieties... When Laura gives the all-stops performance, it is a creative outlet and the LP`s doesn`t mean that much anymore. As Billy explains; there are people ALIVE who fancies (read
 There's never been a film quite like this. Brenda Blethyn is at her boozy best as the screaming mother of "Little Voice. Ewan McGregor delivers a very subtle, warm performance as a guy who finds comfort only with his homing pigeons until he meets "Little Voice. Michael Caine plays the loud jerk so well, but you still feel for his character as the agent searching for the career making client. Jane Horrocks is a wonder as "Little Voice", the girl who barely whispers, but who comes alive belting out tunes made famous by Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe, Shirley Bassey and others. Viewers should know that Horrocks does all her own singing, she's not lip synching. They note this at the end of the film, but I think viewers will be astounded knowing it as they watch her amazing renditions.
 I saw this in the theater and am on my way to add the DVD to my wish list because it's a GREAT film.  Brenda Blethyn, Michael Caine, Jane Horrocks and Jim Broadbent are all amazing in it, and I agree with an earlier review which mentions Michael Caine's Oscar-worthy performance.  He's unforgettable in this role.  All three actors embodied other people completely in this movie, plus the story is touching and sad and then hopeful at the same time.  Talent, talent, talent, and a powerful story.
 This is a movie NOT to be missed. Jane Horrocks is absolutely amazing (as she is in Life is Sweet). Perfect casting all around.
 There are so many wonderful reviews regarding this spectacular movie that there really isn't anything else to add.... other than... to recommend getting the Absolutely Fabulous dvd boxsets just so you can see Jane shine as "Bubble the air-head assistant to Jennifer Saunders' character "Adina Monsoon".  Jane also had a recurring character named "Katie Grin (who was a tv host, sort-of like an annoying Kathy Lee), and these dual roles actually meet up in an episode that is hilarious.  Jane was nominated for 5 awards, including the Golden Globe and BAFTA for her flawless performance in "Little Voice and as a result was given her own UK tv series called "Never Mind The Horrocks".  Hopefully, she will take many more film roles that will showcase her many talents, and possibly record an album of songs for her fans.  As far as I know, the only music recordings of Jane are the 2 songs available on the "Little Voice soundtrack-  "I Wanna Be Loved By You (imitating Marilyn Monroe), and "Get Happy (imitating Judy Garland).  We love ya Jane!
 Aussies who have seen Malcolm, the story of the socially inept inventor, will find strong similarities with the LV character in this film, and the background music is also similar and used in a similar way. It brought back happy memories of cars dividing in two, and boys who talk non-stop to their girlfriends about boring technical stuff. But the highlight of the film is the terrific vocal impersonations of great singers by Jane Horrocks.  I thought the plot was well thought out and ended in a most satisfying way. A great DVD to watch several times, I think. If, like me, you are one of those people who think that characters can be shown to be rough without them having to be given copious amounts of gutter language to use, then be warned there is a lot of this stuff in the film, but other than that, it is terrific. Highly recommended.
 I am lover of British films, and this is one of my favorites.  Jane Horrocks blew me away with her amazing talent, otherwise Brenda Blethen would have stolen the show.  However, every character in this film is compelling.  The story is a little sad, but very funny in a subdued way. The ending is quite uplifting.  Not a movie for kids, due to Blethen's character's antics (wherein much of the humor lies), but very much a movie adults can enjoy, and savor over and over again.  I know I do!
 Exploring the life of a small community of individuals, we see everything -- the tawdry, the stomach-turning, the silly, the  every day , the moving, and the truly magic. Ms. Horrocks delivers one of the best performances I've seen, full-stop -- not only for her spot-on impressions, but for the nuances of her characterization throughout the film.  It's hard to say, at the end, if Elvie should be on the path to fame, should be simply left alone, or should be institutionalized... Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine give great performances as wonderfully over-the-top, if at times a bit disturbing, individuals, and Ewan MacGregor deftly handles his role in the most internalized and understated performance I've seen from him. I can't recommend this film highly enough.
 The first time you watch this movie,you will be blown away.A hermit girl is discovered as a breathtakingly talented impersonator of female singers.This movie is filled with entertainment,sorrow,laughter and soul.
 Recently, I had the pleasure of viewing this delightful film at home...Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn (Oscar nominee) and Jane Horrocks delivered splendid performances. The joy of this production, in my book, is Ms. Horrocks, who so brilliantly captures the role of a hopeless introvert whose only means of expression is by singing like the great divas (Bassey, Garland, Monroe, and so on).  I caught her guest spot on the  Parkinson  talk show last week, singing a track from her follow-up CD  Further Adventures of Little Voice  (a la Bassey, no less)!  I can't wait to include  Little Voice  in my video library, and I wish the above-mentioned CD (released in the UK) would be available in the US as well.  Great film!!!
 Ah, this is just fantastic. Not just for Jane Horrocks who gives a mind-blowing performance as LV, an autistic reclusive girl who sings along to her father's old records - and impersonates Shirley Bassey, Marilyn  Monroe and Patsy Kline et al . . . brilliantly! Michael Caine, whose movie  career was almost destroyed by turkeys such as ON DEADLY GROUND and THE  HAND is also superb as a showbiz agent who hears LV singing her heart out  and tries all he can to use her to make money for himself, including having  an affair with her loud-mouthed, obnoxious mother who makes LV's life hell.  When Horrocks is singing on stage, this is the movie's best moment! Ewan  McGregor also appears as a telephone engineer who shows a personal interest  in LV. This is not the type of movie I normally watch, but when I sat down  with my wife to see it, it grabbed my attention and never let me go. But a  lot of recent British movies like this one have been well worth seeing.  Check out LOVE HONOUR AND OBEY too if you liked this, as its karaoke scenes  send up Jane Horrocks's stage acts well! Very hard to fault!
 As it often happens nowadays, I was under misconception about Little Voice, thanks to the Hollywood advertizing machine. Constant TV  promotions gave me the wrong impression that LV was another one of those hilarious  British comedies about small-town folk that  make it big  (kinda  like  The Full Monty , where the guys  made it big  in  their own way).  Since I love British films, I rented it. I was surpised to  learn that this film is not about  talent , fun, or even music,  really... Rather, it is about human relationships of all sorts and shapes.  It is a simple story, told in a simple way (read
 This is one great film.  I was amazed after the first time I watched it! This is by far Michael Caine's best film.  Jane Horrocks as LV was incredible!  This film was very entertaining and had a good message.  Films like this don't come along often enough.  Why the Academy Awards did not  nominate this film, I just don't know. Caine won the Golden Globe Award for  this performance and rightly so! See this!
 When this movie came out on video - I hadn't heard of it prior - I rented it, why I don't know. I tend to avoid British 'humor', and find the accents  often inpenetrable. I was overwhelmed by this young lady's talents  [Horrocks] and immediately started haunting the store's  used videos  for sale cheap  bin. Now that I own a copy, I've rewatched it and  gained increased admiration for the other actors - Caine, Blethyn, and the  rest. My unabashed admiration of Horrocks' performance continues and I'm  afraid I will be proselytizing this underappreciated actress and film to my  friends and whoever will listen. I guess you could say I liked it.
 Ok. So case closed!( also called detective conan) The best anime i know of! is being released in box sets but not just 1 but 2 different kind of box sets. Now dont worry, these sets are exactly the same. the boxing is the thing that makes them different. Case Closed Varidian Collection is less money because its packaging is weaker. its made of plastic. Over all i recomend the varidian collection because its cheaper and its THE SAME EXACT THING AS THE COMPLETE SERIES SET. Also you can tell its the varidian collection by locating the varidian sign on the top left of the box packaging.<a href="http
 This hidden little GEM originally aired on the Cartoon Network at the wee hours after midnight. I don't think there is any graphic content (Blood and gore) in the show that required its airtime to be after midnight, but this is the US after all and most Japanese anime shows get censored one way or another if its airing on primetime TV. Needless to say, this show ended up getting canceled way too early and that shouldn't have been the case.  I was immediately hooked on the show from the very first episode that I saw. I didn't watch this from episode number one, but was intrigued nonetheless by the plot and murder mystery involved. However, I could never remember the exact show time and at that point in my life, I was too busy with work to have any free time to watch shows that I really liked. Case Closed is probably one of the greatest anime series to grace TV in my opinion. It ranks up there with Sailor Moon and Dragon Ball Z, but it's also in a class all its own since the genre is completely different.  The show starts off with teen detective sensation `Jimmy Kudo' solving a case. He is only seventeen years old, but is renowned for his detective skills and case solving expertise and is a bit of a celebrity in Japan where his efforts gets noticed in the local newspaper. Because of his popularity, he ends up getting most of the business and leaves Detective Richard Moore in the dust. Rachel, is Jimmy's best friend and harbors many strong feelings for him. Coincidentally, she is also Detective Moore's daughter. One day on a semi-date, Jimmy runs off to chase after some fishy looking men only to encounter his unfortunate fate. To make a long story short, Jimmy gets poisoned with an experimental drug that turns him into a kid and spends the rest of the series in the body of a pint size kid. In order to not get anyone in danger, he helps Detective Moore establish a bigger clientele base in hopes that over time he will eventually catch the men that did this to him. He does this by solving cases for Moore without him knowing. Jimmy gradually drops hints here and there to help Moore catch his culprit.  This is an addictive show and anyone who likes a murder mystery or a thriller will find themselves in love with the show as well. There is a great balance of humor and mystery. It's not an intense drama series, but its very light hearted and serious enough where it needs to be. Pick up this box set and watch all the excitement from the very beginning and follow Jimmy on his many adventures because "Only One Truth Prevails.  FUNIMATION, PLEASE RELEASE SEASON SIX ALREADY!!!
 I was extremely happy when Case Closed (detective conan) came to Cartoon Network so many years ago, and so very sad when it was canceled after only 50 or so episodes.  Basically Case Closed (detective conan) is the story of Jimmy (Shinichi) Kudo, a famous high school detective and devout follower of Sherlock Holmes, that is poisoned by the mysterious "Black Organization and becomes the child detective Conan Edogawa through a side effect of the experemental drug he was poisoned with. After moving in with his childhood friend and love interest (Their first date happens in Episode 1, before Jimmy gets poisoned) Rachel (Mori Ran) and her father Richard Moore (Mori Kogorou), Conan begins to solve cases, using Richard Moore as a puppet (after being knocked out by a tranquilizer dart, and using a voice changer to sound like Richard) as he attempts to find the black organization, and restore his body to normal. All the while, Conan must keep Rachel from learning the truth of his identity, or risk her and her father being eliminated by the black organization.  The formula for Case Closed is basically 30-50 episode spans of Conan solving regular cases, as his relationship with Rachel (His relationship with her, in the form of Jimmy) begins to degrade due to their distance, and his relationship with her as Conan grows, with an episode related to the black organization every now and again. After 500+ episodes of the series in Japan, only about 20-30 have had any relation to the black organization, so when thinking about buying this series, I'd warn you that you may never get to see the end, unless you speak Japanese (I do) and have a friend that owns every single Japanese episode on DVD (which I also do). Overall, Case Closed is an at-times endearing series, with good mysteries for the first 200 episodes or so (at which point they all kind of blur together. There are only so many ways someone can get bumped off, and only so many possible motives for someone to do it)  The only problem is that I doubt Funimation will be dubbing any more episodes (please prove me wrong Funi..) so set 3 or 4 or whatever might be the last they ever release, when in fact they could release 20 sets and not reach the end of the series. The Black Organization is a truly worthwhile enemy, despite this being a "For kids anime (considering it's 10 years old now, anyone that was a kid when it premiered, is now out of highschool probably. The stories have always been mature, but they are getting even moreso now. Yes, that's right, it's 10 years old, 500 episodes in, and it's STILL GOING IN JAPAN. You may never see the ending if you prefer dubs and don't speak Japanese).  This is the cheapest Detective Conan has ever been in the US, and I believe it's finally time for me to purchase it, considering that I've been a fan for many years now, and have thus far relied on my friend and on funimation TV reruns to get my Conan fix. Case Closed (Detective Conan in Japanese) is a gigantic investment as far as time and money goes, and considering that there are entire 26 episode animes you can get for the same price, I can see why people might be reluctant about this anime (especially considering the ratings were terrible on Cartoon Network), but if you give this show a chance, you might find a full 500 episode (and counting) saga to delve into.
 I am bilingual and teach some English and Japanese Case closed uses correct Japanese grammar and words compared with other Anime and the characters speak very often (other anime use weird Japanese). If you force yourself to stick to this anime learning Japanese every day through this, I am sure it will take less than half a year until you start understanding it. Although, only watching it won't help, so looking up and understanding one sentence a day in the anime or other academical approach is needed, for learning Japanese though Anime!
 I've been waiting and waiting for this. Now I can get the DVD Season Sets.  Right now I have the Cartoon Network's [adult swim] made for TV recorded on my PC. The [adult swim] episodes run from season 1 to season 3 and season 3 is just a partial set. It's missing episodes
 I first started watching this show with my cousin a few summers ago on Adult Swim...we'd try and figure out who could figure out the culprit first...it was fun...and now I love this show...
 I absolutely love this DVD box set. 
 In the first season of Case Closed. Jimmy Kudo is the world most super sleuth in the business. Until one faithful night he gets in over his head by spying on someone he shouldn't have of. The Black Organization try's to poison him with a new type drug. But it doesn't work. Jimmy ends up awaking to find himself in a body of an ten year old boy. Now he's goes by the name Conan Edogawa and uses the latest crime fighting gadgetry, as he tracks down the assailant's as a boy detective. Now can Conan keep his new life a secret, while keeping on the trail of his assailants. Or will he remain a boy forever. Remember only One Truth Prevails.  Season One Disc BreakDown  Disc 01 01.The Big Shrink 02.The Kidnapped Debutante 03.Beware Of Idols 04.Fish Marks The Spot 05.The Time Bomb Express 06.Tragic Valentine 07.The Case Of The Mysterious Gifts  Disc 02 08.The Art Museum Murder Case 09.Festival Fiasco 10.Deadly Game 11.The Moonlight Sonata Murder Case Part 1 12.The Moonlight Sonata Murder Case Part 2 13.Kidnapped Amy 14.Mystery Mastermind  Disc 03 15.The Shooter 16.The Two Faced Brother 17.A Loan Repaid 18.The Case Of The Hi-Jacked Department Store 19.Wedding Day Blues 20.Fashion Sense  Disc 04 21.The Disappearing Act 22.Lights,Camera.Murder 23.Smooth Sailing Part 1 24.Smooth Sailing Part 2 25.Better Off Forgotten 26.The Counterfeit Ransom Kidnapping  Coming Soon Case Closed Season Two Review
 I absolutely love this show. I don't watch much Anime, but when this show was first showed on Adult Swim in America, I fell in love with it. I would recommend it for all ages!
 "Case Closed ("Metaintei Conan or "Famous Detective Conan") was a series that was hugely popular when I lived in Japan, on the same level as <a href="http
 Case Closed tells of a seventeen-year-old high school student named Jimmy Kudo who is also a renowned detective.  He suddenly gets ambushed by members of the Black Organization and fed a poison that should have killed him but reverted him to an eight-year-old.  He has to now solve cases while trying get his real body back.  Wow, this is one awesome series and I love how the different motives for murders changes with each episode.  I have loved mysteries since I can remember and that is part of the reason why I love this series.  If your a fan of mysteries or just an anime fan, I highly recommend this series.
 I really enjoyed this anime. I've been a fan of Detective Konan for many years and I just got the chance to buy the first complete season. My younger brothers loved it!!!! We all like to watch it now and then. My goal is to own all the complete seasons.
 The show I have seen ever Case Closed Season and Movie that they would let you see in english they are The Best I would watch them over and over yes there is a lot of murder and kiddnapping but I got to say the main character is awsome i love his adittude toward things and people even the cases he is so serios and funny sometimes.
 Gift for my best friend can't wait to see his reaction when he opens his present. So excited loved the series
 For people who don't know about cased closed, it's a show that cartoonetwork aired back in the 80's and 90 to I think 2003.The show is about Jimmy Kudou who make the police force look like a fool by solving cases a lot quicker in more efficently.I'm not going to spoiled the show for you, so I'm going to get to the point;funimation has stop making cased closed because of sells so we need everybody to support this show you want regret it.In Japan the show is still running and they already made almost over 700 episode on the east side of the world.If that doesn't convinced you to buy it, I don't know what will!
 I got my product in record time. I would not mind purchasing from this company again. The DVDs were in mint condition. What can I say, they are good.
 This anime is one of the best if not THE best. It ranks as one of the classics. The show hooked me on the first episode and I fell in love with it. Long story short, highschool detevtive Kudo Shinichi or Jimmy Kudo turns into a seven year-old again by two men in black after witnessing a drug deal. He then takes on the name of Conan Edogawa and solves cases through Mouri Kogoro or Richard Moore. *** The story line is a good one and the voice actors did a good job with the dub. However, if you're not thrilled with the dub, there's always the japanese dub with the english subtitles. Hopefully Funimation will dub more in the future. Like in the next two or three years. You can also pick up the other four seasons and 6 movies that have been released so far.  After all, it's as Conan says in the anime,"Only one truth prevails! I started watching this show when it aired on Adult Swim back in the early 2000's. I was excited to see that Funiamation was releasing the seasons. So far I've only seen seasons 1-5, which is a shame. This show is for people who love investigating and mystery. The show has a lot of interesting crimes, and the way they were committed. Great show all together, I hope Funimation will release more of the seasons!
 My son wanted this so much and it was hard to find but the quality of the DVD's was great and the shipping was fast. Very happy with it! I'll be buying all the other seasons
 I picked up the entire tv series of Case Closed Via Viridian collection and I must say I am very pleased at the series. The viridian box sets are cheap but I mostly bought this show for the episodes. This show is very addictive, its almost like with every episode that passes you can't wait for the next to start. My only 2 complaints is that Funimation isn't dubbing anymore episodes and that the packaging of the Viridian collection isn't the most attractive looking boxes but I guess you get what you pay for.  I really hope people continue to pick up Case Closed so a dubbing company will one day continue releasing more episodes (hopefully with a great dub like this one).  With all that being said I really recommend picking up Case Closed if you want twists, turns and an all around great show.
 This show is one of the best anime shows there is.  This one has a beginning which explains everything which happened to turn 17 year old detective Jimmy, into a pint-sized 7 year old version of himself (whom assumes the alias Conan).  very entertaining and a must have for any avid anime fan, as well as anyone whom likes impossible to solve mysteries
 This hidden little GEM originally aired on the Cartoon Network at the wee hours after midnight. I don't think there is any graphic content (Blood and gore) in the show that required its airtime to be after midnight, but this is the US after all and most Japanese anime shows get censored one way or another if its airing on primetime TV. Needless to say, this show ended up getting canceled way too early and that shouldn't have been the case.  I was immediately hooked on the show from the very first episode that I saw. I didn't watch this from episode number one, but was intrigued nonetheless by the plot and murder mystery involved. However, I could never remember the exact show time and at that point in my life, I was too busy with work to have any free time to watch shows that I really liked. Case Closed is probably one of the greatest anime series to grace TV in my opinion. It ranks up there with Sailor Moon and Dragon Ball Z, but it's also in a class all its own since the genre is completely different.  The show starts off with teen detective sensation `Jimmy Kudo' solving a case. He is only seventeen years old, but is renowned for his detective skills and case solving expertise and is a bit of a celebrity in Japan where his efforts gets noticed in the local newspaper. Because of his popularity, he ends up getting most of the business and leaves Detective Richard Moore in the dust. Rachel, is Jimmy's best friend and harbors many strong feelings for him. Coincidentally, she is also Detective Moore's daughter. One day on a semi-date, Jimmy runs off to chase after some fishy looking men only to encounter his unfortunate fate. To make a long story short, Jimmy gets poisoned with an experimental drug that turns him into a kid and spends the rest of the series in the body of a pint size kid. In order to not get anyone in danger, he helps Detective Moore establish a bigger clientele base in hopes that over time he will eventually catch the men that did this to him. He does this by solving cases for Moore without him knowing. Jimmy gradually drops hints here and there to help Moore catch his culprit.  This is an addictive show and anyone who likes a murder mystery or a thriller will find themselves in love with the show as well. There is a great balance of humor and mystery. It's not an intense drama series, but its very light hearted and serious enough where it needs to be. Pick up this box set and watch all the excitement from the very beginning and follow Jimmy on his many adventures because "Only One Truth Prevails.  FUNIMATION, PLEASE RELEASE SEASON SIX ALREADY!!!
 I watched Case Closed when it was on Adult Swim and thought it was one of the best animes I ever saw.So I finally decided it was time to buy it after all these years. When I first started watching it again, I didn't like it very much, but once I got to episode 5 or 6 I started seeing why I loved it so long ago. This is one of the best detective animes out there.
 this is my second favorite anime of all time, just behind yu yu hakusho. this show is a good one because it has comedy, mystery,drama,action, and thriller all bundled up into one show. sorry for my some what shallow description but i love this anime and thats the bottom line. so if you like anime i suggest you buy this and yu yu hakusho
 from just watching case closed season 1 set i just had to have the whole collection  this is so entertaining not one moment goes by that i am not fascinated and happy for all mysteries solved  thanks  Pam 
 My cousin got me into this show a while back, but it was extremely hard to find until now. it really is a well written series of mysteries and is very easy to jump into the story, unlike many other animes. Overall its just a good show- sometimes fun, sometimes serious, so there is something for mystery and anime fans alike.
 Quick Plot Summary  The anime is about young Jimmy Kudo who is a very talented detective. One day while on a date with his girlfriend Rachel Moore he witnesses something shady happening and is attacked for hit. The men in black who attacked him then give him a poison that is supposed to kill him but it ends up turning him into a six year old child. Still alive Jimmy takes the alias of Conan Edagawa and moves in with Rachel and her idiot father Richard Moore who happens to be a detective. Using devices given to him by his friend, Dr. Edagawa, he solves all of Richard's cases in the hopes of discovering who the men in black are and getting back to his origonal age.  Case Closed is a very good anime. The comedy is awsome with the bubbling Richard Moore and the cases will have you racking your brain every second trying to figure out who did it before the reveal who did it. There are occasional episodes where Conan solves cases with a group of kids, Junior Detective League, from an elementary school that fill like filler episodes and the men in black are not mentioned again until later into the other seasons. For the most part though the first season of Case Closed is very well down and will keep you on your toes. It is a most have for any crime show fan and for any fan of anime.
 "Case Closed ("Metaintei Conan or "Famous Detective Conan") was a series that was hugely popular when I lived in Japan, on the same level as <a href="http
 Pieniadze to Nie Wszystko (Money isn't Everything) is a comedy about capitalism but as the title suggests, there is more to life than money.  The co-owners of a successful wine company have conflict when Tomasz Adamczyk (Marek Kondrat) wants to leave the business.  His wife Natalia (Magdalena Wojcik) isn't too happy with the idea and neither is her brother Wieslaw Turkot (Andrzej Chyra).  Adamczyk has a car accident while traveling through the countryside and the villagers there see him as an opportunity.  At first they think they can ransom him, but once they find out his brother-in-law doesn't want to pay, they want him to come up with his own ransom money.  As you can image, the story does get a little ridiculous but that is what makes it fun.  What gives the movie its special charm and a lot of its humor is the country bumpkins.  They spend most of their day drinking and sitting on benches - they philosophize, they talk politics, and most of all, they would want to be rich but don't know how to do it.  The villagers actually do not have much ambition, but with the right leadership they could accomplish a lot.  Their beliefs and mannerisms are hilarious.  Pieniadze to Nie Wszystko is a great comedy by Juliusz Malchulski.  Although it isn't one of his best known, it is one that is very fun and nearly resembles a feel-good movie.  You'll see for yourself that money isn't everything but everything without money is nothing.  Malchulski's specialty is comedy and has the distinction of having one of his movies, Seksmisja, being in the top ten all time Polish box office hits.  If you want to take a break from the serious movies, this one provides great comic relief.
 The movie is awesome and romantic,It is definite worth watching and buying. Hilary duff is wonderful and fantastic acting. Please remember your wanting to know if the movie is good. I have read reviews on the movie and got I hate Hilary Duff Campaign. Their just trashing Hilary and not really rating a true honest opinion about the movie. Buy the movie you will not regret it!
 I've been a fan of Hilary Duff for years, and I like most of the movies she has been in. Hilary has the it factor. I like how nice Hilary has always been. I think Hilary is one of the best actresses, and role models, and singers there is. She is great at everything she does, that's why she is so successful. This movie is hilarious. Hilary has a great sense of humor. Hilary plays Lane Daniels a journalist looking for the right man, her magic man. In this movie Lane fakes that she knows everything about business, to get a man, and a job of her dreams. It seems like everything is falling apart for Lane, because she lied, but it's not so bad after all. Lane gets a second chance redemption. At the end of this movie it made me tear up a little. Lane's perfect man has been in front of her the whole time, but she didn't see it, because she was too concentrated on finding the guy she wanted. It's sad Hilary hasn't been in as much movies as she was when she was younger. I can't wait to see more from her. Overall this movie will make you laugh a lot, and it's really great.
 They always ship it to me before the E.T.A. and the movies are always in spectacular condition!  I would recommend this company to family and friends.
 My son is a big fan of Hilary Duff ever since she had launched her career with Disney Channel.  He has enjoyed all her family orientated films.
 this movie was pretty entertaining. i love hillary duff. i've thought she was excellent in this movie. and the story was pretty good to. this is a good romantic comedy about finding the one in the unsual places.  if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 i bought this movie because i'm a huge hilary fan and love love love it , and if i wasn't a hilary fan i would still buy it because it so funny and delightful and you will enjoy ever minute of it , believe me you wont regret buying it .
 Yes finally Hilary Duff is back... love this movie is great to watch with girlfriends Hilary is not a little girl anymore, I must say her last 2 movies were awful but this one I did enjoy a lot...
 Watch this movie and discover a uniquely wonderful actress, already a master of heartfelt emotion, subtle grace and eloquent interpretations of scenes. While this movie is definitely a dramedy, in the very end, it became a testament to love. Listen closely to Hilary's delicious diction, especially in the beginning of the movie, and by the end of the movie, you'll discover the love in her voice and the love she imbued the character with is just amazingly beautiful beyond just Hilary being an amazingly beautiful woman in every way.  Superficially, there's an amazing series of outfits and hair styles that I have no names for! Hey, I'm a guy. Yes, the movie has a promiscuous bent to it and Hilary's little show for the benefit of the guys in the conference room will be memorable and you'll find that scene already on "those web sites.  Yet, to only see the superficial or to have too many preconceptions based on her former work means missing out on her natural and experienced talent at layering meaning, comedy, emotional depth and endless sweetness and sexiness in her art. I already pre-ordered 10! There's a DVD and blu-ray version!
 I found this movie absolutely delightful! Ah who would not want to be in her shoes surrounded by elegantly dressed gentlemen who made good money in investment banking? I would and I have been in her shoes so I found it refreshing to reminisce on my days in investment banking! This movie is a keeper full of laughs, great clothes, delicious male eye candy and the beautiful backdrop of New York City; who could ask for more? Five well earned directing stars for Hilary Duff, she gets more beautiful and talented with time!
 What an absolute EXCELLENT movie in every sense of the word. I've never seen Russell Crowe perform as powerfully as he did in this film. I'd heard this was a good movie, but when I saw it, I didn't much know what it was about. I think mental illness is something we don't think about much, unless it affects us or someone close to us. This is an amazing story of one man's experience with mental illness --- a very real (and inescapable) presence in his life despite his genious. He is sheltered and supported by the love of an AMAZING wife as he learns to cope with how his illness has devastated his life and his dreams.  It's not a  mushy  film, so don't be afraid to watch it on that basis.  It's very real and touching, but it doesn't  gush  and I appreciated that.  This is a movie that can educate you, entertain you, make you feel compassion for those with mental illness. If you take it for what it's worth, it may even mature you.  I highly recommend it.
 As much as I love Denzel Washington (who, incidentally, was totally robbed of the Best Actor Oscar he deserved for Hurricane), Russell Crowe's performance here was phenomenal (much better than his performance in Gladiator, because this was a much more difficult role to play).  I don't know about any  racial politics  (I think the previous reviewer is a little confused there), but it's obvious that Russell has ticked off someone at the Academy, and therefore was robbed of the Oscar. A Beautiful Mind is based on the life of John Nash, a brilliant man who, at length, outsmarts his psychological illness.   Describing this movie is difficult without giving anything away...  Beautiful Mind takes the viewer on a journey, and just when you are sure you know where you are going, you discover that you had never really left in the first place.   A most amazing movie with twists and turns that rival The Firm and Sixth Sense.  Best picture of the year.
 Many people have complained that "A Beautiful Mind isn't an accurate portrayal of schizophrenia - and, as far as I know, it isn't. Since I've never experienced it I wouldn't know what schizophrenic delusions DO look like, but if the movie accurately depicted them, average moviegoers would not want to watch it. This movie wasn't meant to be an informative drama about mental illnesses, it was just meant to be a MOVIE. Watched with this in mind, "A Beautiful Mind is excellent, kept moving with the captivating acting, storyline, cinematography and music.
 Perhaps one of the best movies so far this year. I'm still under deep impression from it. Definetily worth a spot in your DVD home collection.
 This movie has a little bit of everything- creativity, romance, a love that truly is for better or for worse, suspense, action, and taste. I have to admit- before this movie, I was never really a Russell Crowe fan, due in part to his reputation for being arrogant and obnoxious. I really went to see the movie because Jennifer Connelly and I are the same age and I grew up seeing her face in Sears' catalogs, never having seen any of her acting performances. But when I saw Russell and the enormity of acting talent he put forth in this movie, I was completely blown away. How wrong I was for opinionating myself and using my opinion to decide whether or not I would see any of his movies. This movie impressed me so much that I went out and rented all the Russell Crowe movies available to me, and all I can say is
 Russell should have received the Best Actor award for his portrayal of Nash... talk about being robbed... LOL!
 As we all know, hollywood takes a true story and adds some embellishment to it.  That said, this film is one of the classics.  Russell Crowe again shows why he's making the money he is to do a movie.  Ron Howard's direction is admirable.  A wonderful movie about life, the struggles that some people have to get through and move on.  I would suggest this movie to anybody who enjoys what movies are all about.
 'A Beautiful Mind' is easily the best film of the year 2001.  Spearheaded by a wonderful performance from Russell Crowe, this film is a masterpiece from director Ron Howard.  It is about Nobel prize winner Dr. John Nash, who wrote a Nobel prize winning theory during his college days, but was seriously affected by schizophrenia later.  During all his struggle, his wife (played by Jennifer Connelly) stood by him.   Russell Crowe plays Dr. Nash with consummate ease, effortlessly portraying his youth as well as his troubled schizophrenic days.  Jennifer Connelly has supported him admirably as his wife and Ed Harris is as solid as a rock.  Ron Howard's direction is very good, with the film starting slowly and then the tempo increases and peaks at the ending.  All the supporting actors, especially Adam Goldberg and Paul Bettany, deserve praise for their beleivable portrayals and they make each frame of this film worth watching. Russell Crowe has always been a good actor with excellent performances in 'L.A. Confidential' and 'The Insider', but in this film, he has taken his acting to a newer, more mature level.  It will hardly be a surprise if he bags his second Academy award for this performance.
 I am a GP doctor &amp; i rememer when i studied psychiatry reading alot info about schizophrenic patients &amp; how they suffer from delusions &amp; hallucinations that cannot be imagined by normal people &amp; even doctors who treat these poor people ... this movie showed me for the first time in my life what kind of suffering such patients have ... the extraordinary performance by Russel Crow showed me exactly the delusions &amp; how they resemble the truth which is exactly written in medical books.  This movie is a shock &amp; it's a pity that Russel Crow lost the oscar for his genius performance ... i highly recommend this movie for anyone who want to see for real how the poor sick patients with schizophrenia suffer the psychotic symptoms ... I did't know about Professor Nash before ... but i know now ... I know the story of a great man who struggled aganist his sickness to reach the highest prize that any man can imagine ... The Nobel prize. This movie is a MUST see ... usually i buy only DVD movies that i think from my point of view they are classics ... this movie is part of my collection now ... &amp; as a collector i say 
 I first saw this movie about five years ago.  My wife had asked me to go see it with her.  After we watched, I said to her, "I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say.  She said, "Go ahead, honey.  So I said to her, "I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie...... She says, "go on.  "But I have it, too.  She then says, "Well, we got to get you some help. The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half.  I tell her that I can't last that long.  I need to see someone right away.  A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.  Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, "So what's bothering you?  I tell him, "Oh, nothing really. (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.)  My wife across the little room says, "You have to tell him everything, to get help. So I proceed to tell him, "I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things.  They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family.  He says, "Oh, you must have a microchip implanted in the back of your head.  I exclaim back, "No, no, that's not possible!  I never had a microchip operation... I have a tooth.  It's in the back of my mouth.  It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15.  The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky. Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, "You got to keep going. I continued, "They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak.  I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions.  The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards.  He read me 'my rights', and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a '3-day involuntary commitment' to get me medication and counseling.  I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, "They are going to help you, but you have to let them.  So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours.  When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors.  The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions.  They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me).  My wife was an angel.  This movie, that "3-day commitment", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have ever happened in my life.  This movie gave me the courage to seek help.  It was very hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years.  But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease.  But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective.  It reminds me of the movie, "Predator".  And it terrifies me.  Other people here have commented that this film does not portray the actual life of John Nash.  Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see.  There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story.  And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.  One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, "Emily Rose.  Talk about a farce!  Oh, this movie was "INSPIRED BY the life of Emily Rose.  And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession.  That was cute.  And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum psychosis).  I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness.  Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years.  I hope and pray for this everyday.  I'm sure John does, too.  For the sake of our children.  You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness.  It is simply too horrific to talk about.  You can take my word for it.  I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools.  Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it.  As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.  To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you.  Thank you for saving my life, literally.  I really appreciate that.  So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story.  You have helped us all.  You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it.  As you already know.
 A beautiful movie based off of actual events in the life of Dr. John Nash. Very compelling story filled with surprises, laughs, and tears.  Well done Ron Howard movie as always.  If you have not watched it yet, you have done yourself a disservice. Great twists and turns to keep you guessing the whole way through!
 Hard to believe to see this professor in the trailer in such a good state of mind after so many shock treatments. He must be a real genius to survive all those treatments. As far as I know, schizophrenia is not curable. A very good movie about this American genius!
 I highly recommend this movie to anybody and everybody.  Russell Crowe delivers one of the best performances of his career, if not his best.  Knowing this movie is a true story makes you even more intrigued to see what's going to happen next.  This movie is definitely a must see drama that's worth your time and money tima and time again.
 It is a wonderful movie that I purchased to help students understand the mind of a schizophrenic.  I recommend this movie to everyone who hasn't seen it.
 This movie has been a personal favorite ever since I first saw it back in 2001.  Classic story about a man who has struggles that he overcomes, meanwhile involving those closest to him, real or not.  Led by the remarkable performances of Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly and Ed Harris, this star studded cast puts together an ensemble of unforgettable emotion and thought that can be described in only one word
 A moving and memorable film. . .  This is an unforgettable record of the progression of schizophrenia in a mathematical genius, and then the partial recovery. Very touching and disturbing, and a very worthwhile movie brilliantly performed by Crowe Russel.
 This was a wonderful movie. I lost track of time while watching it. Kept me on the edge of my seat and I was trying to guess how it would end. The ending surprised me. I would have never figured out what was going on. I would recommend this to anyone! But it is somewhat long, so keep that in mind before watching it.
 Just awesome. Few movies like this make you realize that love can do anything. Love is the power that is present everywhere. John Nash's wife believed in love; she always supported him. That's true love.
 Schizophrenia is a mental illness that most Americans know very little about. Schizophrenia is such a complex mental illness that it is quite difficult even to explain and discuss with those who are uneducated about it. Symptons are varied and each person is affected differently. In A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard has pulled off an Oscar-worthy job of exploring one man's struggle with the illness through the life of Nobel Prize winner, John Nash. The film skips a great deal of Nash's life. However, in the two and a half hours that the movie runs, the audience is caught up in the life and mentality of Nash. No film can truly do justice to a person's life and achievements. However, movies can educate and inform us of greatness within our midst that would go otherwise unnoticed. A BEAUTIFUL MIND is such a film. Contrary to what some have suggested, the film deals with schizophrenia in a tasteful and thoughtful manner, illumining the audience to the false reality that schizophrenics exist within. Russell Crowe is once again superb and earned another Oscar nomination with his performance of Nash. Though he is often cast as a matinee-idol-type star, films like this illustrate his skill and display that he has become one of Hollywood's elite not solely because of his looks (aka Tom Cruise), but because of his talent.  Jennifer Connelly also pulls of an Oscar-worthy performance as Nash's wife. I've been a fan of Connelly since her early days starring in LABYRINTH and it's great to finally see her beginning to receive the recognition she deserves. She more than holds her own against the strong charisma of Russell Crowe.  The movie does not have a great deal of time to deal with the relationship between Nash and his wife. Nevertheless, the film briefly touches upon their relationship without becoming sappy.  Overall, a wonderful movie with great acting, exploring the horror of schizophrenia and the power of love.
 This is the story of John Forbes Nash, Jr. (Russell Crowe), a brilliant mathematician and economist who did amazing original work. My own diagnosis of him during the early part of the movie was Asperger's Syndrome, but eventually the diagnosis of schizophrenia is fully justified. Until we get pretty far into the story, the audience doesn't know any more than Dr. Nash does about what is real and what is hallucination. So having given that tiny clue, amuse yourself by trying to guess. Chances are you will be at least partly wrong.  But as the movie also makes clear, a brilliant mind is not proof against mental illness, and indeed may be at least part of the cause. It might be interesting to look up some statistics on that, but not right now. Right now the important thing is one woman (Jennifer Connolly) loved him, and stood by him when his illness caused them both a great deal of trouble. She earned the right to be dressed to the nines and sit in an auditorium in Stockholm, applauding and glowing with pride as he was awarded the Nobel Prize for economics. It was for the work he had done long ago, which turned out to have practical implications beyond what even he had considered.  It's a very real, very compassionate look at what can go wrong in even a beautiful mind. Maybe even, as I said, more often in a beautiful mind than an ordinary one. Five stars, although at least one of them is for my sense of kinship with Dr. Nash.
 its a amazing...  Funny how netflix will not release such a classic in streaming video.  I think its their duty to allow a film that teaches us so much about life and coping with a mental illness .  Maybe we can learn from it. This film is the first attempt to show what it is like to deal with a true challenge.  So I will buy the film and show it to a wide audience myself and maybe impact someone's life.
 Having picked this movie up solely for the fact that it won 'Best Picture', I can say that going into it I hadn't the foggiest as to what it was about, where the story came from or any basis it had in reality. It seems, if some complaints are indicative of general consensus, that my clean slate approach was preferable.  Saying that, I found the movie to be engaging and intelligent and the story completely immersive with Russell Crowe playing an incredible character, flaws and all. It wasn't until the final moments that I came to to the fact that the film was based off of an actual person's life. And you know what? All the better for it. I was able to appreciate the story and its events, and Crowe's portrayal without considering it conforming to the strictures of the real world. For me, film has always been a medium that embodied an escape from the world that we inhabit day in and out; on account of that, I don't mind creative licensing in the least in effort to best tell a story. A film, or at least a biographical one, is in its nature a flawed reconstruction of reality, if and only if one places those expectations on the film in the first place. On the other hand, if you can accept the fact that a film is more a director's vision than anyone else's, than you're in a much greater position to appreciate the movie.  Ron Howard and all involved did a fantastic job, I recommend the movie to all interested in a good story; and would like to encourage everyone to go into the picture not expecting a true to form biographical account of a man's life, but a film, and it's an excellent one at that.
 OK, to start with, this film won Academy awards for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director (Ron Howard), Best Picture (2002), and Best Supporting Actress (Jennifer Connelly), and Crowe was nominated for Best Actor.  Need I say more?  No, but I will...  In this film Crowe portrays the brilliant, but mentally unstable and asocial mathematician John Nash during his years in graduate school and throughout his professional career.  He becomes obsessed with patterns and cryptography, and he is hired to work for the government on a top secret assignment to locate a nuclear weapon that is allegedly being brought into the USA to be detonated by the USSR during the height of the Cold War.  Crowe does an AMAZING job portraying Nash, and Connelly is fantastic as his intelligent and long-suffering wife.  If you like top-quality drama, intelligent movies, and unexpected twists and turns then you will eat this film up!  After a while even you as a viewer will be wondering what is real and what is part of Nash's imaginary world.  5 solid stars.  Kudos to everyone involved.
 I love that Russell's character is so gentle and he has great chemistry with the actress who played his wife. I love watching them together because they make a wonderful couple. Love is a major theme of this film, which is wonderful for me. It is such a great idea to make this film in a school setting because it works very well. As I've already said, I love how gentle Russell's character is because it makes him very approachable. I also love how intelligent, handsome, and charming he is. This character suits him very well. I'm glad his wife stayed with him once she found out that he was schizophrenic. She was a great wife! The only thing I don't like about this film is when he gets electrocuted by some people on a bed. I don't agree with that as a form of treatment, but great story, great actors, great acting, and it's nice to see a movie about schizophrenia, a mental illness that I am currently struggling with. This movie shows that schizophrenic people are wonderful!! So at the end of the day, I am grateful for this mental illness and I am glad this film won so many awards.
 First let's get this out of the way up front; THIS isn't the biography A BEAUTIFUL MIND which focuses on John Nash's genius as well as his flaws. This, instead, focuses on Nash's battle with mental illness. When a director makes a film they have to choose a path to tell a story--unlike a book it's extremely difficult to take a story like Nash's and condense it into a two hour narrative. Director Ron Howard and screenwriter Avika Goldsman chose the most clear pathway (and using a literary device called "the unreliable narrator)--Nash's brilliance in mathematics AND his slide into mental illness.  The Blu-ray release from Universal features an exceptional looking high def transfer. Colors are nicely captured. The Blu-ray captures Roger Deakins' photography with good detail and textures.The transfer exhibits the changing color scheme and textures as John Nash becomes increasingly paranoid. Image detail/sharpness is a tad inconsistent but I suspect that has more to do with the intent of the director and Deakins' decisions in how the scenes are photographed. Edge enhancement crops up quite a bit which is distracting but it isn't the worst I've seen in some films.  There isn't anything new that I noticed in the special features but it does appear as if almost all of  the extras have been ported over from the regular DVD edition. The only thing I detected as missing were the clips from the Academy Awards. The two commentary tracks are in tact as well featuring director Ron Howard and writer Avika Goldsman. Unfortunately, all of the extras are presented in standard definition.  What's clever and works really well in "A Beautiful Mind is the WAY that Howard and Goldsman have decided to tell the story; they make us identify with shy, charismatic John Nash, realize how brilliant he is, see his experience at the University from HIS perspective. Howard and Goldsman then turn our expectations on its head by demonstrating that much of what WE experienced with Nash may or may not be real and that he suffers from schizophrenia. We discover that a lot of what Nash "knows to be true isn't at all and that he lives in a world of shadows suggesting reality but often never touching on it.  There was plenty of criticism about the fact that "A Beautiful Mind wasn't faithful to the book of the same name and played down Nash's bisexuality, racism and other personal issues. As fascinating as Nash's life is, the film fictionalizes Nash's experience and focuses on his unexpected journey into madness pulling us, the audience, into the rabbit hole with Nash. It's a clever conceit and one that works well allowing us to both understand Nash, sympathize with him enough so that WE feel like we are sliding down into the same madness that has consumed him.  The bottom line is that this is an extremely good upgrade picture wise for "A Beautiful Mind". The film doesn't have a perfect presentation and there are some flaws (such as edge enhancement)but, on the whole, it looks exceptionally good.
 The ubiquitous "inner city gangbanger doesn't exist as such.  I grant you the concept is real in the sense of being a solid idea that describes a particular phenomena.  However, once investigated, this immediately falls apart.  It doesn't stand up to direct personal experience the same way most categorizations do not.  By the way, great movie.  Please enjoy
 Haunting music by James Horner. Beautiful Themes. Ron Howard has come out with a clean winner. Good performances by Russell Crowe and the beautiful Jennifer Connelly. I had not read about the Equilibrium concept of John Nash Jr. and the personal trauma he had with schizophrenia and delusions before he got the Nobel for Economics Sciences that he shared with Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi in 1994. When I saw this film, I came to know about Nash. It was  nostalgia for me as I had studied close to Princeton University at Glassboro State College (now Rowan). I had visited Princeton and almost felt that I was there when I saw the locale scenes. I would say that Ron Howard romanticizes a bit and makes the story flashy. He could have underplayed the screenplay a bit. Yet the scenes of paranoid schizophrenia and delusions come out good with able performances by Paul Bettany as  "the prodigal roommate and the maniacal defense agent Parcher played by Ed Harris. Akiva Goldsman has written a good story on how to patch figments of a cracked imagination. The best reason to stay with the movie is Alicia Nash played by Jennifer Connelly. Her suffering comes out so well in her reading of the character. The best part of the movie is John Nash Jr.'s relationship with his wife Alicia. I am touched by the way Jennifer Connelly  approaches Crowe when he is her professor and brings out her love for him. I have learnt from this film that love is patience, love is endurance, love is not just after one's own benefits and that love shines. To conclude, this film picked up the AFI best actress award for Jennifer Connelly. She also picked up the Oscar that year and the movie was the Film of the Year. James Horner has breathed life into the narrative with his compellingly mesmerising score. If not for Howard Shore's magnificent work on the Fellowship of the Ring that year, this was easily the best effort in music. A thoroughly satisfying film on the mind beautiful.
 At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to make a worthwhile contribution to serve as his legacy to the world of mathematics. He finally makes a revolutionary breakthrough that will eventually earn him the Nobel Prize. After graduate school he turns to teaching, becoming romantically involved with his student Alicia. Meanwhile the government asks his help with breaking Soviet codes, which soon gets him involved in a terrifying conspiracy plot. Nash grows more and more paranoid until a discovery that turns his entire world upside down. Now it is only with Alicia's help that he will be able to recover his mental strength and regain his status as the great mathematician we know him as today. "A Beautiful Mind is absolutely great, not only does it have a strong point and an importaint message to the viewer, but it delivers it in a touching and sensitive, partly even humourous kind of way, with the help of powerful actors, a great screenplay and even a few special effects to boost it up. This movie succeeds on every level.
 A BEAUTIFUL MIND is about a brilliant mathematician John Nash, (Russlle Crowe) who is working on a new concept at Princeton University, but when he is informed by William (Ed Harris) a government agent, that a top secret operative is being developed and that they need his help to decipher a intercepted code, He reluctantly agrees.  Pressure, stress and time sensitive code cracking send him into huge bouts of paranoia and depression. In the mean time, he must keep his assignment a secret from his wife Allicia, (Jennifer Connely) his best friend Charles (Paul Betanny) and anyone else, for that matter. Little by little as the codes become increaingly more difficult and an ever impending threat draws near, he begins to crack under the constant pressure.  This movie is a rare journey into places that few dare visit. It will stimulate positive thinking and will have the viewer questioning thier own understanding of it. I can appreciate a movie where intelligence can be underestimated and over thinking can be out done.  I highly recommend this movie, the story is mind bending and, at the very least, will definitely give you some food for thought!
 Not a family movie, as I'm not sure children can fully follow or appreciate the story.  It was a great gift for my parents, though. No special day, just got mentioned in conversation and I enjoyed the movie so much that I got it for them, knowing they'd enjoy it.
 A Beautiful Mind (2001)-Imagine learning that the people, places and your most beloved memories never really existed! Best Ron Howard Film to Date.  Note that this 1.85
 I first saw this film in a packed cinema and I was encouraged by the response at the end from the audience. They remained in their seats riveted not moving for a considerable period of time and were obviously moved by what they had seen. So many Hollywood films portray schizophrenia incorrectly and those who suffer from this terrible disease as scary, violent, and often not redeeming people. Finally, audiences were able to see a film that accurately depicted this tragedy in a man of considerable intellect.  This movie was a breath of fresh air from the likes of Me, Myself and Irene with its perpetuation of the schizophrenia stereotypes.  I saw a similar reaction by an audience at the end of the film <a href="http
 This is a truly beautiful movie and probably Ron Howard's best work IMHO.  It's a lesson of how one man fought off his demons, real and imagined, with the loving help of his wife and a commitment to discipline his own mind.  Direction, acting, writing, cinematigraphy, music... it's a perfect storm of great cinema.  Regarding the DVD there is one thing to keep in mind... be careful to check the aspect ratio of the DVD you buy.  There are many different versions of this title, apparently I got stuck with a lemon as I wanted the "widescreen version but got, instead the "fullscreen version.  They trick you here... "FULL Screen"??  Is this as opposed to "Half-Screen"?  It's a misleading term that makes you think it's "widescreen but it's not -as the aspect ratio is only 1
 Since the first time I viewed this movie, I was fascinated in a lot of factors, camera, directing, and a little bit of the acting was also very good, though in some scenes it seems like I'm watching Gladiator.  A great movie for a great price, a "must have item.
 very happy to have this movie well pleased thank you whoray33
 I saw this movie after it won the Oscar for Best Picture and was quite disappointed that it won at that time because I wanted Lord of the Rings to win.  That view changed after seeing this.  It is extroadinary.  Each character is unique and portrayed with real emotion.  Even though Russell Crowe's accent does waver and falter throughout the movie, the emotion between him and Jennifer Connelly had me sobbing.  This movie is an incredible journey into the believable world of John Nash.  I suggest that everyone sees this movie once.  It's really confusing the first time through, as the plot takes a turn for the worst that leaves you shaking and trying to figure it out for the next half hour.  See it again if it seems confusing, because then you can actually start dissecting it and understand why this movie won Best Picture.
 Yes I'm one of those people who didn't see this amazing film up until just now.  And it is truly amazing.  I think about it quite a lot and it's been about two weeks since I've seen it.  No doubt that John Nash was a true mathematical genius, but he was also an extrodinary human being, as was his wife Alicia.  I say this because of the mental illness and the disease they both had to and have to live with.  It's an amazing testament to them both that they survive day to day with this......and this film alone does not do justice to that, but gives us a glimpse into that world.   Ron Howard and Brian Grazer's personal journey to bring this to the screen is important. The DVD extras are wonderful, from the deleted scenes to makeup to music to meeting John Nash himself.  This is a DVD to definitely cherish in your library.   But what haunts me most and why I'm glad I own this is because I need to watch it again.  I need to see what I couldn't see the first time.  Please watch this and try to understand what I can't begin to tell you.  Truly deserving of the Oscar it received, I hope you enjoy this magnificent film.
 When I saw this movie in the theater, I had the pleasure of not knowing who John Nash was.  I spent half of the movie wondering....is he or isn't he?  Russell Crowe, like him or not, did a great job portraying Prof. Nash.  But what had me even more spellbound was Jennifer Connelly.  She made this movie what it was.  She held her own with Mr. Crowe himself. Her portrayal as John Nash's ever faithful, supporting and loving wife, Alicia Nash, very much deserved that Oscar she took home. At the beginning you see Nash in his early years, when his schizophrenia was in its early stages.  As the movie progresses you see his illness develop into something that consumes his life and inhabits his ability to function in everyday life. After being diagnosed, he believes he can find a way to cope with this without taking medication. A Beautiful Mind is a great movie and a must have any DVD collection.  While I am not certain it was deserving of Best Picture, I Am Sam was in my unexpert, amateur opinion, it is definatley an upstanding film.
 This DVD is packed with just enough extras.  As it comes on two discs, it also does a nice separation so that you don't have to flip back and forth between the two...   On disk one, you have the typical movie in the usual formats with the director commentary.  On disk two, the extras are all available.  This DVD does more than talk about the  Behind the Scenes  or the  Making of...  filler that is always interesting, but seems to just to be the requisite extras.  The DVD contains a lot about the real John Nash -- from conversations with him discussing his theories to the real Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony. I particularly liked the discussion around the musical score and the discussion about how to communicate to the audience how John's disease was felt from his own mind to the perception of those who were around him. As a movie, you probably already know that this won 4 Academy Awards -- so if you are a mainstream viewer, you will probably love it.  If you are not, you will still be impressed by the incredible acting of Russell Crowe.  The DVD I definitely give 5 stars.  The movie -- 4.5
 A Beautiful Mind(winner of the 2001 Oscar for Best Picture) is an excellent movie in every way
 This is a hard review to write.  There are alot of valid negatives I have heard about this movie but I keep coming back to how I *felt* when I saw the movie and that was over-whelmingly positive. A movie is not a book and can't be and shouldn't be.  Movies too true to books are rarely good movies.  A movie also rarely is a good documentary... Or a good biography, for that matter.  A movie is a creative thing unto itself that has to have some amount of creative liscense just because of what it is.  It isn't the last word in any subject, it's not a history lesson.  I think it qualifies as entertainment.  That this had an overall extreamly positive message to me was a welcomed added bonus. I think John Nash is a remarkable man.  I have read a few short auto-biographical pieces that he has written and they have the same wonderful yet quirky feel that I saw in Russel Crow's performance.  I think perhaps the movie captured his overall gestault better than it did actual events...but than I didn't go to see a news reel.  The fact is that there are remarkable people among us.  And within these remarkable people are people afflicted with mental illness. To me this movie posed the questions
 "A Beautiful Mind is a truly inspirational film... that really shouldn't work at all! Look at the subject matter
 I have heard it said that brilliance is close to insanity. I do not know whether or not this is true, but A BEAUTIFUL MIND, helped me to see what a brilliant person goes through when they also suffer from schizophrenia and what they see and do.  This performance by Russell Crowe, as Dr. John Nash, a brilliant mathematician who, although unknown to the viewer at the time, shows signs of schizophrenia upon entering Princeton University, is Oscar calibre material as far as I am concerned. This is a true story about Dr. John Nash, who develops an economic formula which earns him a coveted position at Wheeler Labs. His brilliance at solving codes causes him to be approached by the Pentagon.  Not knowing that he was schizophrenic, I truly believed that he was involved in government espionage work and was becoming so frightened that he was showing signs of madness. Not knowing anything about the life of Dr. Nash, I had no idea what the theme of this movie was and found myself shocked to realize that Dr. Nash was "seeing and hearing things". I still do not know how much involvement was real and how much was imagined.  Jennifer Connolly gave an excellent performance as the wife who stuck by him through the good times and the bad, helping him to live with his illness and filter back into a functioning life,teaching at Princeton, and eventually earning the Nobel Prize in his later life.  Christopher Plummer gave an outstanding performance as the psychiatrist who tries to help him. Again, at first, there was doubt as to whether he was a "good guy or a "bad guy".  The movie, directed by Ron Howard was riveting. It had humor and sadness and held my interest throughout. It was not until the end of the movie that we learned this was a true story.  I highly recommend this movie. It was rated "PG and there is not any reason that teens cannot see it, or mature young people. There was no explicit sex and no extreme violence.
 I was pleasantly surprised at the subtle and vicarious way this movie handles mental illness. It is an engrossing interior view of how brilliant mathematician John Nash and his decidedly courageous wife Alicia have struggled to thrive through five decades while yoked with his often debilitating schizophrenia.  Kudos all around to the actors. If you can forget he's a prize jerk, Russell Crowe is mesmerizing. In fact, his character is also rude, arrogant, and brilliant - but still sympathetic.  Jennifer Connelly's Oscar was not an aberration. She not only holds her own with Crowe but bests him on occasion. She has come so far from her fluffy eye candy days that it's like watching a different person. Brava, Jen.  The greatest achievement, however, may be Akiva Goldsman's script. It takes a revelatory turn in mid-picture and completely opens John Nash's experience to you. Many have complained of too much artistic license and expository compression taken with the real story, but I believe these have not diminished the substance of what John and Alicia Nash have accomplished over the years. The gentle, gradual, yet never final triumph of their love and determination is well-served here.
 One reviewer called A Beautiful Mind a "Goopy Treacle", obviously intending to impress us more with his high falootin' vocabulary than with his review. He even managed to review the John Nash book, which he never read. If your boundless intelligence puts you so far above the rest of the American race that it requires you to use the thesaurus' least used matches for common words (because common words don't properly display your vast intelligence), then American movies probably aren't your thing, anyway. I recommend sitting in a quiet corner and reading something Latin. If the only way this movie can be a good one is if it follows an exact adaptation to the book, then you won't enjoy the movie. If you think the only way a movie can be good is to exactly follow the book it's based on, then you're seriously missing out.  The movie was brilliant. The acting was excellent. The story was amazing. If you have a heart and a mind, this movie should appeal to you greatly. This was one of the most amazing films I've ever seen, and it should be watched by You and everybody you know.  There's something wrong with you if this movie doesn't grip you and make you think at the same time. 
 This is getting to be a pattern. In Gladiator, Russell Crowe falls from being ruling general of the Roman Army to being a gladiatorial slave. In a beautiful mind, he goes from being a mathematical genius to.... something far less. And then he battles back, to return to a different kind of glory.  This is a wonderfully directed and told story with award winning acting from not only Crowe, but also Jennifer Connelly. She could win a supporting actress award. But probably the kudos go most to Ron Howard who takes an intellectual, interior story about a mathematician and brings it alive. That's much harder to do than with an action story.  This movie has a nice surprise in it--  nice in that it sneaks up on you. Before long, this kind of a surprise, which other films  have demonstrated in the last few years, will become a genre all its own-- maybe call it the  reality  surprise. Well, I've tried to talk about it without ruining the story. This is a story that uses all the levels of the roller coaster. It'll take you for a nice emotional ride.  It was fun, the day before seeing the movie,  to read an Op-Ed piece in the NY Times written by a former Princeton student who remembered the real professor, haunting the library. It brought an extra dose of reality to this film which is based on a real life genius who was awarded the Nobel prize. S.C. Gwynne wrote,  a campus character we called Purple Sneakers, a harmless middle-aged crazy man who hung around the main undergraduate library.   This hapless fellow, who was easily recognized by his mismatched plaid clothing and purple or red high-top sneakers, stalked and spied on students as they walked in and out of the library. He was too silly to be frightening
 Well, maybe the oscar dudes have SOME taste left after all. Anyone with a good taste and a brain would've known the moment they laid eyes on the movie that it was destined to end up on a pedestal. Crowe plays John Forbes Nash Jr., a brilliant real-life mathematician and Nobel Prize winner, now in his 70s, who's also a real-life schizophrenic. But when we first meet him as a Princeton graduate student, he's just another eccentric genius, a loner obsessed with finding a truly original idea. (He does; he writes a revolutionary paper on game theory.)  Director Ron Howard, working from an inventive script by Akiva Goldsman that makes use in turn of Sylvia Nasar's biography, does a crucial, and crucially understated, job of establishing the physical reality of Nash's world -- the campus, his classmates, his high-spirited roommate (Paul Bettany) -- with such authority that we feel we can taste the chalk dust on the blackboard. (Cinematographer Roger Deakins' work is as integral here as it is to the telling of ''The Man Who Wasn't There.'') This tangibility is ''Beautiful Mind'''s beautiful achievement, the elegant solution to the problem of how to turn the biography of a man's head into an absorbing movie. And especially coming from Howard, a director renowned (and sometimes critically reprimanded) for pumping big gusts of inspirational wind through pictures from ''Cocoon'' to ''Apollo 13,'' this is news. Inspired, perhaps, by the existence of an actual, living Nash as well as by Crowe's superior bull-free talent, director and screenwriter have found a way to convey the sensation of schizophrenia from the inside out, not with a big raving and waving of hands but with a waiving of reality. To say more about how is unwise, but I do want to say that Crowe ages as Nash ages. The academic geek who did so poorly with girls meets the beautiful student who will become his wife (Jennifer Connelly) at about the same time he meets the compelling government agent (Ed Harris) who recruits the professor to break codes. It's only long after Nash's schizophrenic break -- after he has struggled with treatment that dulls his thoughts and deadens his marriage, and after he has struggled to live with his illness on his own terms -- that this ''Mind'' gets foggy with uplift too. Still, by then, the important movie work has been done
 Although Crowe's behavior might have cost him the Oscar this does not take away from his brilliant performance as John Nash. I still don't understand how "A Beautiful Mind could win best supporting actress and best picture and Crowe not win for best actor when his performance makes the movie. Conelly although good as Nash's wife is by no means better than Crowe and the movie would not have been what it is (a masterpiece) without Crowe's Performance. If your interested in the Psychology of the human mind or if you just want to see a great performance you should run to see "A Beautiful Mind".
 Nobody would doubt that this is the big overall winner of the 2002 Oscars - one of the hardest-to-win Academy Awards competitions with big-budget movies like Lord of the Rings -  when A Beautiful Mind bags 4 of the most prestigious awards of the show. Based on a true story, Australian actor Russell Crowe plays Professor John Nash, an Economics Nobel Prize winner, who was (is?) suffering from schizophrenia, a mental disorder that cripples one's ability to distinguish between the real and the imaginary. Director Ron Howard displayed utmost flexibility in his art direction, creating an atmosphere of suspense, frustration and puzzlement in the first half of the movie by portraying the imaginary characters as real. The plot abruptly changed the spotline to Mrs Nash (Jennifer Connelly), a symbol of love and a countering force against the debilitating effects of schizophrenia. The story ended with a sweet ring of true love (not romance) that transcends all obstacles, and a bitter defeat of the 3 imaginary characters - the persona of schizophrenia. A beautiful heart has written a beautiful mind. With a strong musical backing and superb acting by Connelly and Crowe (though Crowe surprisingly lost the Best Actor award), one must give credit for the telling of a true story, which has proved harder than telling a fictitious story (look at The Insider and the cheesy Titanic). A 6 star movie, if I can give. Well done, Howard!
 I was totally and utterly moved by this film! The performances were great, and the direction was perfect! Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly deserve the Oscars that they were nominated for. Great movie about a man's struggle with schizophrenia, and how he dealt with it. It's hard to believe that this actually happened. I was shocked. Twists and turns galore!  You'll love this film! Ron Howard also deserves an Oscar!
 I didn't expect too much when I went to see this movie, but came away with renewed respect for Russel Crowe and Ron Howard. I've seen a lot of reviews that call A Beautiful Mind slick & superficial but I don't agree. I found it to be a well-done overview of the life of a brilliant and troubled man. There was enough pathos to give us the feel for it without turning the movie into a dark depiction of mental illness, and enough humor to make John Nash come alive. How can you sum up a man's life in 2 hrs? The only way I know is to pick highlights out of his life and come up with a poignant overview. Ron Howard successfully (in my opinion) does this. By taking us into Nash's delusions it shows us how fine the line can be between reality and fantasy and that no one, despite obvious brilliance, is immune to problems. One of my favorite parts is when Nash is told that he seems haunted by his delusions. He replied that they are in the past and that everyone is haunted by their past. The impact of the past is controlled by how much attention (power) we turn over to them, not their existence in itself. I thought that the entire cast was great and deserving of recognition. If you liked movies such as Moquito Coast, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The English Patient I think that you will like A Beautiful Mind. If you want action, see something else.
 John Forbes Nash has the ability to see patterns in math and nature that are ordinarily overlooked. He presumably is pressed into using his ability for the government.  Alicia comes into his world and as with many great loves; she sees what others call weird, as a cute uniqueness.  We follow their courtship and then life together.  It is the little things and the interaction among friends that make the movie.  This movie captures your attention from the beginning. You may be able to anticipate what is happening however it is not meant to be a dark secret with a twist ending as much as letting you in on what he is going through to survive.  All the characters are fleshed out and you feel that you are there.  This movie leaves a good after taste.  <a href="http
 In the contest of love and Jennifer Connelly against the infinitude of chaos, the match goes to love and Connelly, 1-0.  Mrs. Elizabeth Nash - as played long-sufferingly and with an understated intensity about her performance that can only be called gorgeous - is one of the several centerpieces of this memorable film.  You don't get a clinical presentation of schizophrenia here, and the news coverage following this 2002 film suggests that you don't get a history of Princeton mathematician John Nash's life either.  What you get are epic performances by Russell Crowe and partner Connelly, together with enormously assured supporting roles by Ice King Ed Harris and Paul Bettany, together with the kind of rich and textured cinematography that must have upped Princeton's application rate with its sheer autumnal elegance.  Crowe's heroic battle against the delusions that plagued Dr. Nash's mind are gladiatorial in scope, though it would be difficult to imagine a role more restrained and internal where that famous acting played out violently and before drooling crowds. As one of Rome's famous gladiators, Crowe found redemption by bringing down a sinister emperor. Here he does so by quietly accepting the pens ceremonially laid before him by his Princeton colleagues and then by explaining that 'it is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logical reasons can be found.'  Those who love or have been loved against the infinitude of chaos will understand Dr. Nash's discovery, regardless of whether the real Nash ever said those things from behind a Stockholm podium.  Don't overlook this film when building your posterity collection. As human drama goes, a finely crafted fiction can ring more true than the connected dots of what really went down and who said what.
 No matter what anyone else says, this one will remain one of the best films for a long time to come. Crowe's reputation will rest on it for   the rest of his life (a couple more like this and he can join the great ones - it would help if he can keep his home in Coff's Harbour   though!)   This DVD version belongs in every serious film collector's library. It also belongs in every teacher's collection because of the message it   brings and the way it touches our humanity.....why we have achieved what we have and what the hope is for our survival. And finally   (and most importantly) because it makes an academic a hero....and we need so much more of that in our lives.   Personally I found this film to achieve everything that Shine didn't. The DVD version is great because it gives you a crystalline   soundtrack without too many extras packed onto it. You won't regret adding this one to your collection, believe me!
 This is one beautiful film I had waited for for months to see after seeing Russell Crowe last year while on his US tour with his band. It lives up to its hype from beginning to end. Russell Crowe mastrfully takes the viewer on a journey to hell and back. A  FILM  NOT TO BE MISSED!!!
 I thought this movie was wonderful! I must for everyone to watch! It was a beautiful movie that helped me understand this disorder more by watching this movie.
 Had to have this video. Mental illness is so overlooked in our society and healthcare dollars are shrinking to help people suffering from it. Russel Crowe is great.
 I recommend this movie to anyone whom has a loved one with mental illness. It helps them to understand a little better than not being well informed. As usual Russell Crowe is superb in his performance as an actor. A great must see movie.
 This is the story of Dr. John Nash, an eccentric and enigmatic student. Princeton University is of prime importance here as far as the beginning of his schizophrenia. For a man that could see the solutions to problems that others would have said were impossible - or genius, even miraculous - it is not so far a stretch that he also saw people that were not there and in fact did not really exist.  The line between genius and insanity or brilliance and creativity is a fine one. And perhaps the people he hallucinated about, being his 'friends,' were what kept him from further demise (particularly the 'prodigal roommate' and his niece; the man in the hat, to a lesser extent). He was totally a self-made man of his own effort. As for insulin shock treatments, they supposedly were effective in about 50% of patients, and then perhaps due to brain damage.  A wonderful movie. I am going to read the book next.
 I read the book and watched the movie. Although the movie did not cover all aspects of Nash's life it was still a beautiful movie. Mental illness can be a crippling illness for everyone involved. This movie showed that John Nash did not stay in that awful place but once again became the productive person he wanted to be.
 Its a must see movie, took me years to see it us i thought it was about math hahahaha. Watch this flick!!!!
 Captivating storytelling. Excellent performances from Jennifer connelly and russell crowe.  -The struggles, problems, and obstacles are made absolute clear. I felt like I could relate with him on certain aspects. I felt compelled to utilize my skills and talents to my fullest ability  - Not everyone will be a nobel prize winner, but everyone can have a beautiful mind.
 One of the most unusual and insightful views of the mechanics of a schizophrenic mind.  It depicts the extraordinary courage of a man who triumphed over mental illness to achieve great things.  Amazing movie!
 This has been one of my favourite movies since I first saw it. The score is beautiful and stirring (I have a thing for film scores though). The cast is fantastic. The acting is brilliant. It isn't one of those movies that just drags on and on, but it really pulls you in and you truly feel for Nash.
 A Beautiful Mind is a great movie about how a person can overcome their daily delusions. It is a must for everyone.
 Someone suggested I see this movie, Russell Crowe had not been one of favorite actors, but he did an outstanding job of John Nash, great movie, great acting.
 Exciting to the last minute. Especially when you are interested in special ed kids, this is an excellent example how some brains work or dysfunction... Till; the last minute you are not sure about the outcome. Excellent movie!
 Purchase process went great.  Bought the item.  Received it in a timely manner.
 Although there are many movies about sports and the thrill of scoring a touchdown or home run, there are few if any movies that address the passion of intellectual achievement.  Sure, there are plenty of science fiction movies about somebody conceiving, designing, and building some amazing vehicle or weapon in one fell swoop, (like Cochran and warp drive in Star Trek) but these are no more than fantasies which bear no relation to actual achievements in science and engineering.  This movie about a character who we might (if we were to find ourselves in a sufficiently generous mood) be described as modeled on John Nash, comes close to bringing into view the world of applied mathematicians.  Indeed, the first half hour of the movie dealing with Nash as a graduate student, strikes a familiar chord.  Hanging out with your grad school buddies at the local pub to discuss the great issues of to day or to formulate unworkable strategies for picking up girls is wonderfully familiar.  The unification of these two activities into the epiphany needed to supercharge your Ph.D. thesis was very satisfying--even if it had nothing to do with anything John Nash had ever experienced--or had any true relation to his work.  For my part, I don't care if any of this movie has anything at all to do with the real John Nash.  I just like the way this movie conveys the excitement of conceiving of and working out a brilliant new theory.  Never would I have thought that a scene consisting of someone scribbling on a few pieces of paper could seem so magical--and in a way that I can clearly identify with my own experience.  The seasons pass--but there is John Nash joyfully working with his equations and diagrams!  Also wonderful are the scenes involving Nash and his Ph.D. adviser.  From the initial point where the adviser regards Nash as a kind of goof-off grad student who neither attends classes nor publishes journal articles--to the point where Nash finally wows him with his wonderful new take on economics and game theory--it certainly rang true to me!  I also loved the Nash character's comment to a fellow student that "Classes will dull your mind and block the way to authentic creativity.  I hated grad school courses with a passion and could not wait to get out from under them!  I was also taken with the story of Nash meeting and courting the nurturing woman who became his wife (played by the very appealing Jennifer Connelly, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role).  Her character reminded me of meeting my own wonderful wife--and of her efforts (similar to those of Nash's wife) to connect with me and bring me closer to something resembling reality.  Of course most of this movie dealt with the rather extreme mental problems of the pseudo Nash title character.  These experiences are too far outside of my experience for me to identify with them in anything close to my visceral response to the film's portrait of Nash's alleged grad school days.  This mental breakdown part of the story is actually more interesting in Sylvia Nasser's book, in accord with the veracity of the old "truth is stranger than fiction axiom.
 Russell Crowe got robbed - I demand a recount.  Jennifer was great, but he needs more props.  Wonderful film.  Fantastic music.  Magical locations and scenery.
 i love this movie. it's about a guy that goes undiagnosed with schizophrenia for years. it's more of a love story than anything.. thought provoking and emotionally raw at same time. definitely a tear jerker.
 AFter Cinderella Man, this is my second favorite movie done by Crowe. Ron Howard the director and Crowe made a billiant collaboration here. All the actors were superb. No one else could have played Nash like Crowe did. He should have won an Oscar for this. I love the musical score as well. Captivating. A must see by all.
 This film is based on the life of John Nash, the brilliant, Nobel winning mathematician and his extraordinary relationship with his wife, Alicia. I use the words `based on' deliberately as the film significantly strays from actual events and brings the spirit of Nash's life to the screen rather than being a true-to-life biopic. For those who want to learn more, I suggest Sylvia Nasar's book `The Beautiful Mind', which was also the source for the film. I do not want to say too much about the plot as if you have not yet seen the film, it will spoil the effect. The film attempts to put you inside Nash's head and experience events just as he did. For me, it worked extremely well. Try not to find out too much beforehand if you want to savour the full effect. Rest assured, however, that the film is very much about the human story of Nash and his devoted wife. The math, whilst integrated into the film in a variety of innovative and entertaining ways - the explanation of game theory has never been more interesting - remains in the background. The acting is superb
 This film is based on the life of John Nash, the brilliant, Nobel winning mathematician and his extraordinary relationship with his wife, Alicia. I use the words `based on' deliberately as the film significantly strays from actual events and brings the spirit of Nash's life to the screen rather than being a true-to-life biopic. For those who want to learn more, I suggest Sylvia Nasar's book `The Beautiful Mind', which was also the source for the film. I do not want to say too much about the plot as if you have not yet seen the film, it will spoil the effect. The film attempts to put you inside Nash's head and experience events just as he did. For me, it worked extremely well. Try not to find out too much beforehand if you want to savour the full effect. Rest assured, however, that the film is very much about the human story of Nash and his devoted wife. The math, whilst integrated into the film in a variety of innovative and entertaining ways - the explanation of game theory has never been more interesting - remains in the background. The acting is superb
 One of the best films ever made, and it came in top condition too! It was all half-French, and my mother loves French, it was a gift for her, so all was perfect! I am all gratitude!
 It was a great experience. The product arrived earlier than expected and it was brand new.
 This film definitely deserved all it's academy awards. This movie is amazing from start to finish and Russel Crowe does an amazing job portraying an intelligent man struggling with such a debilatating mental illness. This film will definately pull on your heart strings and get you inside Nash's mind and what it might have been like to be him. You also get to see the brillance of this man who won a Nobel Peace Prize. The special features add to the movie, answering some questions that the viewer still may have.  If you end up enjoying this movie, I highly recommend checking out the book as well. It's just as engrossing. I absolutely love this movie. But be prepared to tear up during the movie! Every time I watch it I do.
 This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time, and that's saying a lot due to the fact that I own no movies but this one and do not own a tv or even go to the movie theater ever. It is rare that you see such a well put together film that takes you into the agonized mind and thoughts of someone suffering from a psychotic disorder.  This is a definite must see and addition to your video collection.
 This is an excellent movie and a great teaching tool.  It vividly portrays Schizophrenia to those who are unfamilar with this condition.
 <a href="http
 I've always been fascinated by hallucinations.  So this movie naturally appealed to me.  It made me think, "My gosh, what if I'm like this guy and I've had a friend who isn't real all along?  Holy cow.  Spooky.  And the worst thing about it is the guy's hallucinations never go away.  He just has to pretend they aren't there.  What a bummer.  And some of those hallucinations were his best friends at one point too.  Geez.  Star Trek The Next Generation could do six full-length episodes based on the content of this film alone.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in psychology, philosophical logic, insanity, or any combination of the three.  It can present you some mysteries, that's for sure.
 Excellent ! A story especially close to me as my ex-wife suffers from this same disorder.
 Outstanding acting, depicting the life of John Nash, Russell Crowe is excellent!  Heartbreaking story and yet one which shows the brilliant nature of people when they are in situations that would seem almost impossible to deal with, until they are forced to that is! This film really is a must-see, lots of twists and turns, plenty of laughs and many tears, both on and off the screen. I recommend this film, without a doubt, truly amazing!
 oh, wow....this film absolutely blew me away, so much so, it's difficult to translate the feelings into mere words. It is so rich in textures, a once in a lifetime, brilliant performance from Russell Crowe, with understated, deft direction by Ron Howard, a light dance of inspiration that so rarely comes out of Hollywood. Opee you done well! The power and emotion of this film, Russell's magick, is often nearly overwhelming. Few films affect you as deeply. The tale captures your from the start, gently rapping its hand around your heart and keeping you in thrall, as you follow the spiralling brilliance of genius on the edge of madness. Howard walks the tight rope, never fully revealing the cards he hold, keeping the viewer so convinced that these things are actually happening, though the other characters are telling you it was all in Crowe's mind. It gives you an unique position of 'experiencing' Crowe's delusions, so we more fully understand that delusions can be frighteningly as real as life. Instead of telling you this man suffers from schizophrenia, Howard and Crowe make 'your walk a mile in Nash's shoes', thus making your, for the first time, really comprehend what this disease does to the mind. How despite this all, Nash went on to win a Noble prize so this is a story of personal triumph. Nash, an off the IQ chart mathematician, a socially inept Southern, is pulled into the superspy world by Ed Harris' William Parcher, who claims he is US government agent and needs Nash's unique talents. Christopher Plummer, another brilliant (but overlooked actor) actor gives to the link into reality, for both Nash and the audience, as Dr. Rosen, who treats Nash. Jennifer Connelly's performance as Nash's funny and loving wife, demonstrated a broader range of talent than we have seen from her; amazing to see the little girl who danced with Bowie all grown up and proving she is much more than a pretty face. Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay and all well earned. The DVD is loaded with extras, like a commentary by Howard and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman, deleted scenes, scoring of the film, soundtrack and and other material on Nash.
 Beautiful Mind is a  true story about John Nash, a brilliant mathematics scientist with a schizophrenic presonality. His schizophrenic side made him believe that he had a best friend and a top secret governmental job which required him to dicipher secret codes of the Russians from newspaper and magazine cuttings.  He met his wife, who was his stuednt , fell in love with her but never once did he tell about his secret government job,nor introduce her to his best friend meet, His illness was discovered and he was sent to a center where psychological illnesses were to be treated.  He got out of the center after a while and found a small job at Princeton University.  He closed himself up to the world of mathematics.  finally, one day, a student sought his help in math and slowly, Nash opened up to the students and helped tutor them.  His mathematical discovery eventually won him the Nobel Prize and the respect of the world. I was touched by the movie in two different aspects.  First ,it showed me that anything is possible. If someone with a major psychological illness could win a Nobel Prize, how can I not be a far greater person than I am how? second, despite all of the Nash's shortcomings his wife stood faithfully by his side. It further made me believe in the power of love and the divinity of marriage.  Nash could only  have gone through his trials with the love and support of his  wife.  She taught him that love was all that mattered.  It did not matter what others thought of him. I enjoyed this movie.It was very confusing but extremely sentimental at the same time.
 The movie  A Beatiful Mind  is reali great. We could see that genius John F,&gt; Nash was godd with mathematics and physics, and cuold get a good job as professor at the Massachusetts College and also married one of his studen ts. But for reazon he saw 3 different unreal people thet tried to help him, but they didin't really . This situation brought to his life and his wife too. So he lost almost everything; than he had epecial medical attention for several years. Nevertheless, through time he worked with himself to again be was in the past.   I really enjoyed this movie. One of the things that I like was the happy end. Even though the genius John Nash had trouble , he improved himself with hard work, and maybe he couldn't be the same person, but he didi his best and was awarded with the Novel Prize in 1994. It was wonderful. Also his wife loved him so much and she supported him to the end.   In short, I suggest that you have the opportunity to watch this movie because it teaches us how we can improve ourselves trough sacrifice even trought If we fallen.
 I knew that this movie was based on fiction. But I've got something to be made me think hard. John F. Nash is a real character. He is a famous economist. Also he made a great contiribution towards economy and mathematics. In the end he won a Nobel Prize for economics in 1994.   But this movie focuses on his inner life. He had the ability to collect and arrange numbers and letters. He was a genius, but he was schizophrenic. He had confounded real things with imaginary things. He wanted to escape from the sticky situation. Finally he found  the solution and overcome a dease.   I majored in economics at university. Well, I have been taught his theories. But I was more interested in his self-consciousness than his achievements. Whoever has handicap that is unwilling to be concealed. It is apt to be difficult to overcome such a thing. This movie shows us the way to solve and the importance of making much of ourselves.   If you have some problems, watch this movie!...And it'll help you to solve the questions. Try it right now!!
 Russell Crowe, impressive muscle man in Gladiator, became the genius mathematician in this film.  John Nash, the main character, entered in Princeton University. He always njoyed making new theories alone.  One day, his genius was acknowledged, and he took part in solving a password in pentagon.  From this time, he started suffering from an obsession, in which he was always being watched from Russian.  He always had a virtual image every where.  We can't know what real affairs were until the middle of this film. Finally, the genius mathematician recognized his mental disease.  With his wife's self-sacrifice, he overcame the mental barrier occupied with a virtual image.  In last, he said to the man who let him know that he won the Novel prize "I'm crazy".  Then, many other scholars around him put their pen on the table in front of him, which was expression of admiration for the scholar of greater achievement. We will see the most impressive scene this moment from the genius looks like abnormal man.  I would like to recommend this emotional film because of the concentration of his attention for mathematic is able to overcome his handicap.
 I think this movie was kind of tricky because we didn't understand until the middle of the story. He met real people and unreal people, but finally it became clear. I think this is interesting point of this movie. After watching this movie, it gave us a feeling about  True love and we will think about mental patients, love and what is most important in our life.
 This movie is very interesting.  I think this movie is a true story and the story is very mysterious.  Dr. Nash is a very sad man because he had a disease because of his intelligence, but he could win the Nobel Prize after he had a lot of experience about his disease.  His wife is also kind to him.  She had been helping him to recover from his disease.  Though he saw some non-real people, he could recover from his disease.  I learned that it was possible to recover from the any serious problem.  I strongly recommend you to watch this movie more than once.
 Another Performance that Russell Crowe deserves the Oscar for...He was mesmerizing, taking the audience on a journey into the madness of mental illness....so believable it was scary...a must see for everyone.. The love story Crowe and Connelly created was a Gem..Loved It.
 While many complain that Ron Howard whitewashed much of John Nash's life in A BEAUTIFUL MIND, those same fail to acknowledge that the film as it stands is in and of itself quite a strong picture. And while those same people scream of sentimentality throughout, there is nothing here that suggests anything sentimental or even likable about the person of John Nash. Granted, there are a few moments where scenes with his wife teeter on sappy, but overall I think the film depicts rather well the horror that must have been, and still is, Nash's life as a schizophrenic. The acting is uniformly excellent--Russell Crowe shows far more of his capability(and should have got the Oscar) here as an actor than in GLADIATOR The supporting cast is also first-rate--Jennifer Connelly gives a quiet, beautifully restrained performance as Alicia Nash(and I think it's safe to say the Oscar wasn't completely unjustified), and there's also equally fine work from Ed Harris, Paul Bettany, and Christopher Plummer. Best Picture of the year? Nope, that would have been LORD OF THE RINGS. But I think this is a solid second choice.
 "A Beautiful Mind is suspenseful and thought provoking. Russell Crowe is probably the most versatile actor on the screen today. As the mathematician John Nash he's convincingly humble and over confident, paranoid and brilliant.  The movie centers on Nash's accomplishments and his schizophrenia.  The surreal effects and scenes make "A Beautiful Mind more dramatic and cohesive than historically accurate, but as a film it succeeds in both informing and entertaining.   "A Beautiful Mind is nearly three hours long, but well worth the time. You'll remember the scenes long after the film is over. It's one to discuss with friends.
 The previews of this movie are very misleading. It is in fact a terrific film about early psychology. I can't say to much or I would give away the movie, but not only is it a great film about Psychology, it also shows how innovative Nash's theory has been. An incredible film from an amazing director with the ultimate cast.
 Superb!!  The only thing better than a good movie is a good movie based on true fact.  The movie story was good.  The fact that it really happened made it great.  It was interesting, captivating, and just plain enjoyable to watch.  It is easy (if not desirable) to envision yourself as being the professor, to imagine possessing such intellect.  Best of all, the conclusion won't let you down.
 I don't want to give too much away about the film, but I want everyone to know that this is a fantastic story.  Ron Howard has made a masterpiece.  Russel Crowe and Jennifer Connely are equally amazing. If you liked heartfelt story of  Good Will Hunting  then you will really enjoy this film as well.  Russel Crowe plays a student with an unparalleled gift for mathematics.  The story follows about 50 years of his life, and covers many tribulations, pains, and joy that he faced. The film is based on the true life story of John Nash, and it does so in a very engaging way.  I highly reccomend this film.
 This by far is the best movie I have ever seen! It had me hooked until about half-way through, then I suddenly clued in! I thought the story was really good, all the actors (especially hottie Russell Crowe) were awesome!! Definately a MUST see!
 'A Beautiful Mind' is one of the most heartwrenching, deeply emotional and moving films that I have ever seen.  Russell Crowe gives his best peformace yet for a Golden Globe winning performance as John Nash, the nobel prize-winning schizophrenic math genius.  Crowe's brutally honest performance sheds some light on the often misunderstood disease.  I walked out of the theater in shock because of Russell Crowe's performance, it was truly touching.  Nash's wife is played flawlessly by a wondrful Jennifer Connelly.  Connelly brings genuine emotion and feeling into this key character.  Connelly's performance also snagged her a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress.  Ed Harris is also wondeful is his role.  I won't talk too much about Harris's role for fear of giving something away!  Akiva Goldsman's brilliant Golden Globe-winning screenplay has many of these sorts of surprises, twists and turns. Critically acclaimed director Ron Howard fills 'A Beautiful Mind' with geniune emotion and heart. I found myself personally touched by this film a number of times.  It's pretty shocking how heartwrenching 'A Beautiful Mind' is at times.  I found myself enveloped in tears along with my friends a number of times while watching this film.  If a film can touch you in the way that 'A Beautiful Mind' did for me, you know that it must be a wonderful film.  Fortunately, 'A Beautiful Mind' snagged the Best Drama award at the Golden Globes the other night beating out films such as 'The Lord of the Rings
 This is a truly touching film. If you are not familiar with the story I will only say that to give away any details of this movie would be inappropriate. A BEAUTIFUL MIND is slow, lethargic yet remains intriguing and emerges into a heartfelt statement about our true selves and the meaning of love, commitment and the essence of mind and being. Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly give brilliantly realistic performances and make this film work. A lot also has to be said of James Horner's insightful and moving score, which only enhances the viewer's insight and response to the film's statement.  This film is beautiful and one of the best to come out this year.
 This is a film that is a Master of all it does. Every scene is so carefully calculated and so astoundingly executed. The cast is captivating! It took me some time to realize that Russell Crowe was not remotely like John Nash in real life - he completely embodies the role, convincing you with every gesture, every glance. Jennifer Connelly starts off slowly, but suddenly snaps to life as a woman that demands your attention and respect. Paul Bettany excels in his role - he is immediately likable and twists your emotions as you find him to be "the enemy". While all the actors are at their best, they carry the movie along subtlety, letting the enthralling story take center stage. Ron Howard's superb directing makes the first viewing an instantly powerful experience, but has many fine details than can only be picked out from numerous viewings. For instance, the subtlety of the hallucinations. When the little girl is running through the grass and around a flock of pigeons, none of the birds move or are startled by her frolicking in close proximity. Watching closely, you will find many moments such as these, which can still be quite chilling on the 3rd or 4th viewing. The character of Nash is, of course, the central point of the movie and he is a deeply pitiable and complex character. His imaginary friends fulfil what you see to be his deepest needs - Charles, the friend who always listens and cares("somebody needed a hug") and Parcher, the ego boosting agent who makes Nash a "somebody"("You are simply the best natural code breaker I've ever seen"). Even when you find out that they're merely characters in his mind, you long to believe him and slowly let the film lure you back into considering if he could possibly be right. When Alicia finds the shed and you hear the radio inside, you find yourself hoping against hope that she'll open the door to discover her husband's secret service agents working away to find the bomb. His journey from loneliness to love, from recognition to accomplishment, from brilliance to insanity and back is depicted in a powerful and memorable way.  Beautifully begun, beautifully unraveled and beautifully concluded... this is truly a Beautiful movie.
 Highly riveting film with a super performance by both Russell Crowe and Ed Harris.  Even though the director changed John Nash's life a great deal to make it a more entertaining movie. John Nash, a genius who came up with a business model that was adopted by many businesses, is a social oddball that is so dedicated to his studies that he has absolutely no concept of social skills.  He finds it a task to even make the slightest bit of conversation with a female.  The only person he seems to get along with is his college roomate (later we find out that this roomate is not what he seems).  His genius attracts a government agency that employs him briefly as a code breaker.  There he meets Ed Harris, who is not what he seems either.  Ed has him working on top secret work that involves breaking secret transmissions from the Russians. Everything then starts to unravel and we learn the truth about the people that seem to influence John the most. Crowe gives a super performance in probably the role he was born to play!
 Russell Crowe did an incredible job of portraying the real-life story of Princeton Professor John Nash, a brilliant mathematician who won the 1994 Nobel Prize, despite his dysfunction due to schizophrenia.  My heart went out to this amazing man for all he suffered; his perseverance tugged at my heart strings; and I was heartened by his wife standing beside him through thick and thin.  I'm  highly encouraged that Professor Nash managed to kick his dependence on the schizophrenia medicine and go on to reach some of his major goals in life.  Thanks to the brilliant directing of Ron Howard, A Beautiful Mind is one of those bittersweet movies with a satisfying ending that left me feeling good about life and the human conditiion ... a lasting impression of "hope.  Russell Crowe and the entire cast are to be commended for their sensitive, caring performances in this fine drama.  SIDENOTE
 "Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life-the life which has the seed of ennobling thought and purpose within it-can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing, soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances. -George Eliot  In September, 1947, mathematical genius John Nash spends his time attempting to distinguish himself with a completely original idea at Princeton University in lieu of attending classes. He distances himself from the other students with his introverted and eccentric behavior and admits he doesn't really like people. He is so consumed with thought, he neglects his most basic needs and becomes so absorbed in his own serene thought processes he forgets to eat and sleep.  In fact, no one can really relate to him until he meets a beautiful student who attends one of his classes. Alicia (Jennifer Connelly) seems to have the patience to work through situations in real life, that Nash doesn't have time for or is not concerned with. His mind won't let him deal with real life and he is tossed into an unrealistic fantasy by delusions that seek to destroy him. Alicia falls for his mind, they marry and her emotional IQ is so high that she truly shows her husband unconditional love.  He enters an imaginary life in which he helps the government break codes in magazines. His wife becomes increasingly aware of his mental condition and tries to help him see what reality truly is. She needs to believe that something extraordinary is feasible. She believes he can conquer anything. The problem is, he is suffering from a mental illness which is seeking to destroy his world.  As he descends into a world of his own making, schizophrenia takes over and he has to take medications that interfere with his ability to "do his job. This causes him immense grief and he lacks purpose. His job actually turns out to be completely of his own imagination. This espionage part of the story is absorbing and exciting. The emotional elements are highly rewarding and the actual love story was for me at least, overwhelmingly beautiful.  Through John Nash's life he learns what is truly important and in that is the true beauty of this story. Ron Howard shows genius in his ability to so capture your heart with his directing.   A Beautiful Mind will draw from you those exquisite emotions only a story of great depth and sensitivity can. The characters are genuinely persuasive and screenwriter, Akiva Goldsman crafted one of the most intelligent scripts to date. An exceptional score reflects a complex backdrop of emotions and in this mirror of music the rays of reflection will touch your soul.  A Beautiful Mind is an eloquent portrayal of John Nash's life with an emphasis on the emotional torment mental illness can evoke contrast with the sheer beauty of love.  Highly Recommended!  ~The Rebecca Review
 The real life story of John Nash plays out as engaging and interesting as some of our more well thought out fiction.  Now, as some have already noted whether here or in media scrutiny, not all of this film follows Nash's life accurately.  Some of this film is fictionalized, but isn't that for the most part what always happens.  Just because it's a true story doesn't mean Hollywood doesn't feel the need to tamper.  At least here the tampering does not by any means take away from the power within the film and the performances that dominate.  Nash's life story is still portrayed effortlessly and beautifully, compelling and entertaining and full of just about every aspect of a priceless and award worthy film.  `A Beautiful Mind' truly has it all.  Russell Crowe here delivers a breathtaking performance as John Nash, a brilliant math student who gets to the top only to tumble back down to the bottom at breakneck speed.  Living a life that in the end appears mostly a lie, Nash eventually is diagnosed with schizophrenia.  At this point in his life, married with a child and working a steady job, Nash and those around him are finding it difficult to differentiate reality from the creations of his mind.  The movie then turns its focus on Nash's recovery and the effect his sickness has on those closest to him.  Crowe is truly the star here, swallowing whole this character driven study on the human spirit and determination to survive.  He engulfs the screen and makes this mans plight come alive for the audience.  What's commendable here is that Howard's directing and of course the script, adapted from Sylvia Nasar's biography, allow for the viewer to really connect with the entire cast, most importantly Nash himself.  This proves effective because once Nash's life is shattered before our very eyes and he begins to crumble we are brought to a place deep within our emotions that would have been impossible to touch had we not come to know Nash before his world came tumbling down.  We fall in love with this man and so we feel his pain, his wife's pain and are emotionally distressed alongside them both.  Alongside Crowe both Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettany deliver astounding performances as Nash's longsuffering wife and imaginary best friend.  Jennifer's Oscar winning performance is full of so much life, so much pain and emotional attachment that we can relate to and understand her feelings every step of the way.  We watch her transform from this woman who knew how to control the things around her, including Nash, to a woman scared of what was going to happen next, a woman who felt detached from all she thought was real.  Bettany's portrayal of Nash's college roommate is high spirited and refreshing.  He serves as our brightest comic relief but also our biggest heartbreak as we watch Nash realize he never truly had his friendship at all.  Crowe, one of our finest actors, is a true chameleon and he engages himself so far into this role that he becomes John Nash, and watching that transformation is utterly rewarding.  His determination and fervor are so invested in this performance from the moment he appears on screen that one is automatically drawn to him and connected to him entirely.  From start to finish `A Beautiful Mind' proves itself worthy of our attention and consideration and is sure to astonish and amaze you.  From its heartbreaking story to its brilliantly crafted direction to its powerhouse performances, `A Beautiful Mind' is a winner from the top of its head to the tip of its toes.  The well rounded supporting cast including the likes of Ed Harris and Josh Lucas continue to astonish in their respective roles and aid in delivering one of the warmest and beautifully articulated Hollywood experiences.  This, my friends, is what going to the movies is all about.
 John Nash won the Nobel Prize in economics in 1994 for work he had done as a Princeton grad student in the 1940s. In between, schizophrenia hounded him. His wife is the real hero. The film glosses over the seamier aspects of Nash's real life (see the biography by Sylvia Nasar), and gives the impression that lots of love will cure mental illness (wrong), but this is still a moving film that explores the borders between genius and madness.
 So John Forbes Nash is now (almost) a household name. With good reason... the Nobel prize mathematician's story is a good one. It deserves attention... and director Ron Howard did a wonderful job of creating a masterful piece of Hollywood cinema. Based on Nash's experiences at New Jersey's most famed learning establishment, Princeton University, thru the development of his economic theory ("Nash's Equilibrium"), his marriage to Alicia, and his eventual work at MIT. Imagine if Robert Redford directed and Tom Cruise played the part of Nash as it might have been (they both considered it). I can't see this film being much better... however it would be kind of interesting to see another great director's (and the actor's) take on the same script. Russell Crowe takes the challenge of portraying the man with a chip on both soldiers (in this case schizophrenia), Mr. John Nash, right in stride with his previous preformance as Maximus in "Gladiator". I can't imagine anyone else playing this role of Nash as well as Crowe did. Co-stars Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany and Judd Hirsch round out a wonderful supporting cast. Footnote
  A Beautiful Mind  is one of the few films to look at mental illness in a real and positive way. It is also an amazing motion picture. Concerning the story of brilliant mathematician John Nash, played by the brilliant Russel Crowe, and his wife Alicia, played by the luminous Jennifer Connelly,  A Beautiful Mind  succeeds in taking the audience on an often intense and emotional journey where you care deeply for the characters. The film follow Nash from his college days at Princeton University where he makes a groundbreaking discovery, to his winning the Nobel Prize in 1994. John Nash courts Alicia, a beautiful young woman who is his equal intellectually and emotionally. They eventually marry and have a son, and then John is diagnosed with schizophrenia. I won't disclose the film's jaw-dropping twist, as some reviewers have. Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman have come under fire for  cheating  the audience, but this method was used to make the viewer aware of how schizophrenia works, and the huge effect that it has on people's lives.  A Beautiful Mind  would not work without the central performances of Russel Crowe and Jennifer Connelly. Crowe makes Nash such a rich and absorbing personality that you cannot help but be riveted to him. He works with subtle gestures and eye movements to personify John Nash, changing his entire body to be that of the character. That is real acting folks. This film is one of the chief reasons why Russel Crowe is one of the best actors working now. He makes us sympathize and love Nash, but never pitying him. Jennifer Connelly follows her amazing performance in  Requiem for a Dream  with this role. As the wife of the mentally tormented Nash, Connelly creates a woman of enormous strength and loyalty. She is every bit Crowe's and Nash's equal, and deservedly won an Oscar for her subtle and emotional work here. Together these two actors create two noble and real characters. Ron Howard also is excellent his his direction of the film, never letting the events become sensationalized or melodramatic. It is always real and heartbreaking. Above all,  A Beautiful Mind  is the uplifting story of a man who was able to conquer the demons within himself. As the elderly Nash says to Alicia in his Nobel Prize acceptance speech,  You are the reason I am here. You are all my reasons.  It is a triumph of a beautiful mind, a beautiful man, and a triumph of unconditional devotion and love.
 There is not much more to say about this movie except that it is excellent. You may have to watch it more than once to really understand the seriousness of mental illness. Anyone that has any type of mental illness in their life-whether themselves or a family or friend will completely be able to relate to this movie. It is done beautifully, tastefully and carefully. Also a true story.
 I purchased this DVD through Amazon because of the price, availability and delivery. I incorporated it into a mental health unit for high school students. The students loved the movie- it took three days of classs to view- and I got good feedback from them regarding the characters mental health issues. An excellent movie for all to see- can open up many eyes regarding the diagnosis, treatment and stigmatism associated with mental health illnesses.
 I have seen this movie many times and it's the kind of movie that will touch your heart and you will watch it over and over again.  A Beautiful Mind is just a very touching movie.
 I am compel to say that Amazon.com provides a wonderful shopping experience for their on-line customers. Why I'm force to say this? Well, it is because they stand by there word and give the customer what they need when they need it. Thank you Amazon.com for helping me to make the grade in my Psychology class when I needed you the most.
 I would recommend this movie to anyone, Great story and Russell Crowe plays his Character very well. Must see this film! It is long.
 I probably never would have watched this movie if my wife hadn't brought it home and said something like "I got a movie for us to watch tonight".  I found this movie gripping from the very start.  Russell Crowe's intensity got me hooked from the first scene, and mind bogglingly beautiful Jennifer Connelly kept me entranced with both her looks and her great acting right to the end.  Without duplicating what others have written, I just want to say that to me the geniune brilliance of this movie is that is portrays a character who suffers from schizophrenia and allows us to genuinely share in his experience by thoroughly developing characters who turn out in the end to never have really existed.  It's like he made a schizophrenic out of the viewer for the first half of the movie!  The character discovers that his roommate, the roommate's neice, and the scary Fed Spy Guy weren't real just as we the audience do.  Brilliant!  I really didn't know for a while how this story would end, and what reality really was.  Also, as the father of a mildly autistic child, it gave me hope for his future too.  The human mind is a beautiful thing indeed, and even when it doesn't work quite right, it can self-diagnose and make corrections, and maybe solve one of the the world's problems if we just give it what it needs most, love.  Bravo!  My only dissapointment is in the bonus material.  I wanted to learn a little more about the supporting characters, but the casting segment was just about Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connely.  That's a minor nitpick.
 What you have here is a beautiful love story between a husband & wife. When everything in John Nashs' life falls a part his wife is there for him. The story is well told and well cast.
 Ron Howard has the recipe - he knows all the ingredients to put into the bowl to make a product which entertains, inspires, sells lots of tickets, and in this case cops the big awards.  It is scary, really, how a craftsman like Howard can manipulate an interesting, but in many ways unattractive story and make it seem magnificent.  The magnificence is entirely deserved, if you imagine the struggle that Nash went through, and this is the main point of the movie.  However, its entirely desceptive, when you realize that no one cares much about a story involving unattractive, boring, sick people.  So he casts visually stunning people in the leads, and voila!  You can always count on a Ron Howard movie to be high quality, and "Beautiful Mind does not disappoint.  I attended Princeton, studied multi-variable calculus, and took a course in "game theory.  Many aspects of the movie were realisic, but many weren't.  Its interesting that Howard seems to anticipate and respect this, so he packed a second DVD with bonus material that includes lots of reality - from an interview with Nash, to details about how the screenplay was developed, etc.  The real hero of this movie is Alicia Nash.  "Beautiful Mind could have been called, "Beautiful Wife, because it is the spectacular loyalty of Mrs. Nash that was truly heroic.  I can't imagine the character she must have possessed to stick by him all of those years.  {...which is yet another area where reality disappoints.  In reality, she was very loyal, but in fact, they did separate and live apart for many years....}.  Once again (this is why I like Ron Howard), this point is not overlooked due to the marvelous ending (Ron; you should have done it with the audience disappearing!).  The breath-taking visual impact of Jennifer Connally, which on the surface could not have been more unrealistically cast, would appear to be entirely wrong for the part.  But Connally's performance in the role as the movie played out, made it entirely appropriate when you imagine what Mrs. Nash must look like....from the INSIDE.  What a woman.
 Right now this is my standard by which to measure great film, and this edition showcases it beautifully. There is no incidental material on these two disks- all the extras contribute to the experience of the movie. All aspects of the production, from the biography of the man on whom it is based to the process of developing the soundtrack receive deserved attention. There are actually 2 separate feature-length commentaries- one from the director and the other from the writer with  very little redundacy. The viewer is left feeling that there is plenty more material out there.  This is a powerful film which speaks volumes on its own. The special features serve not to plunder the film, but rather suggest additionallevels on which the production can be appreciated. There are so many elements in this movie that the genius of the propmasters, special effects team, costume& makeup need to be examined individually to appreciate the incredible craftsmanship involved.
 It's really great to get to see how the life has changed for this intelligent mathematics man throughout the movie. It was a really sad ending to me, I heard that in real life, his wife had chosen to leave him alone instead of what happened in the movie. That is even depressing for people who knew his personal story.  Russell Crowe, acts as John Nash, the main character for this film, who is a mathematical genius and Nobel Laureate. Russell Crowe did a great job, he can fully convey John Nash's innermost world, his soul and how his mental problems came out because of the pressure from his surroundings. It is really hard to express all these feelings and bring out the message of the life of John Nash. I really like watching Russell Crowe's film.  I am also happy with how the director had changed the ending different from the real story, with his wife staying with him and went with him to get the Nobel award. That change can make the audience feel better for him, and will honor him after watching this film. This film is very touching and inspiring, that we need to treasure the people surround us and we need to cherish everything we had.
 The height of Russell Crowe's acting - everyone's acting for that matter, is literally unbelievable - as was the production and every aspect of it.
 Right off the top I'll say that I love a movie that really moves me and wrings out my emotions.  Everyone can use a good little cry now and then, and Ron Howard has a way of delivering.  There are several powerful things about this movie that make it work.  The first is, of course, the fact that it's based on a true story.  There is nothing like knowing there are real human hearts behind the drama on the screen to really draw you in.  The second is the stunning cast.  Russell Crowe is amazing as the menatlly tortured John Nash, the mathematical genius whose work changes the face of economic theory, yet who finds himself crippled by schizophrenia.  Russell plays the paranoid schizophrenic doctor with poignancy and an intense vulnerability.  Jennifer Connelly is brilliant as his wife, Alicia, who has to make the decision whether to stand by him and fight, or find more placid life of her own.  She plays the part with such love and openness that when she goes into the bathroom and screams in frustration, you feel it deep within your soul.  The supporting cast, including such distinguished talent as Ed Harris and Christopher Plummer, is just as brilliant, bringing the story together with skill.  The third is the method in which the story is told.  Warning, if you haven't seen it, do NOT read most of the reviews below.  They will spoil one of the most important aspects of the story that is critical to identifying with John Nash's quandry.  Suffice to say that Ron Howard does the job and you will be delighted.  This movie is wonderful and inspiring.  If I had one gripe, it would be that I would like to have seen a little more of his day to day coping, when it comes to that.  As it is, though, you feel every little bit of pain, anguish, and joy throughout this gorgeous biopic.
 Russell Crowe gives another outstanding performance in this wonderful movie from director Ronnie Howard. Based upon the biography of mathematician John Nash, A Beautiful Mind makes the inner logic of mathematics comprehensible to the average film maker while not stinting on the real-life drama of the schizophrenic Nash and his long-sufferingt wife, played by the beautiful and talented Jennifer Connolly. This is a film that should not be missed. It is ingeniously made, and not just in showing mathematical concepts (to say anymore might ruin the film for you). Five stars! A worthy winner of the Best Picture Oscar.
 Russell Crowe is incredible as the West Virginia genius, John Nash. Jennifer Connerly, does a fine job as his wife, Alicia. The big shock of the film works;we find out that whole portions of John's day to day life exist only in his head and have for years. Looking at it later, you can see the very subtle hints that people and things are just fantasies. Nash's best friend only appears when he really needs him. Ed Harris appears, in highly stressful or emotional times, like his wedding day. This is a great film and only has a few tiny flaws. For example we never really understand why a girl like Alicia would fall in love with a man so different from her and her friends. Overall, I loved this film enough to buy it.
 There is no words to express what I thought when I saw this film.  It was filled with talented actors and actresses, a beautifully written script, and excellent visuals. Russell Crowe is not usually an actor that I can stand but this movie really showcases his talent.  Playing such an interesting person as John Nash was a very hard task but he pulls it off beautifully.  His acting seems believable while his body language shows that he researched the life of John Nash. A Beautiful Mind IS Oscar calibur and beats Monsters Ball in the race for best picture.  Monsters Ball did have some stellar performances but A Beautiful Mind had everything a good movie needs. Next time you are at your local rental store pick up A Beautiful Mind and give it a chance, you will not be sorry.
 ...A BEAUTIFUL MIND is really a fine film, well put-together and a riveting narrative. It's detractors have criticized it for not being true to Nash's real life... WHO CARES!!!? The film, as presented, is as good as I've seen in a long time. Certainly, there were things in this complicated man's life that had to be left out for the sake of narrative. Some sensation-seekers are upset because his homosexuality wasn't addressed, though I thought the relationship with his roommate was more than platonic...I don't want to give away any plot points...and besides that...WHO CARES!!? I enjoyed the film, as presented... I really liked James Horner's score. It was exceptionally pretty. The score presented Nash's moods as much as Russell did...
 This brilliantly-crafted movie deserves every Oscar it was nominated for. Russell Crowe is superb as John Nash, a schizophrenic math genius who descends into madness and makes his way out again with determination and the help of his wife and friends. The Math content within can be appreciated even if you don't understand it, and the acting is extraordinary. Jennifer Connelly shines like a beacon in a role it seems she was made to play, and Ed Harris convincingly portrays an imaginary 'man in black'. The setting is also very realistic and the music illustrates perfectly and fits every scene. Forget Lord of the Rings - this film in my mind already has won 'Best Picture'.
 A wonderful movie about a remarkable individual - very moving.  Russell Crowe's performance is spectacular.  If you're looking for fast paced action and blood and gore, it's not for you.  I highly recommend it.
 The most compelling movie I have ever seen.  Ron Howard at his best.  Eight acadamy award nominations is not enough.  I have seen it twice and plan to go again.
 If you only see one movie this year, i recommend "A Beautiful Mind".  It is basically a true story about one of America's most brilliant mathematician and Nobel Prize winner.  Mr. Nash's struggle with mental illness is both sad and courageous....the movie portrayal of Mrs. Nash, a role meant for Jennifer Connelly, was one that shows her strength both as a wife and woman....the progression of time from 1941 to present was believable and accurate....and, of course, the director Ron Howard gave us a clear and uncluttered movie as is his style.
 This is a movie that you realy want to watch it over and over again, you discover a new thing each time,for example why didnt the birds fly while the girl was running into them on the green fields as john saw her, and why the people were looking at him in a strange way while he was talking to his friends. It is said that the movie isnt the true match of john nash life accordding to the book or to the biaography, regardless if we took the movie alone, its a classic, a movie that tells a story of a man who was pushed by his ambitions and detirmination to cross the lines and to exceed the limit. Iam NOT a director,a film maker, or a critic..am only an ordinary person who watched the film and after that i started thinking about it... after all isnt that the whole idea of watching a movie, to leave with an impression about what you watched, to force your mind to think and review what you have been setting and watching for two hours.  - After you watched the movie,Did you think about the original idea you want in your life,Did you realy changed the definition of the word sruggel and success, Are you willing to take your self beyaound limits for what you belive in.  -  directing,actting the sound track it was so great and almost perfect , but for russel crow i think he was extraordinary,and try not to comapre the movie with the book, that isnt fair for the movie nor to the book, the movie is only two hours, YOU CANT TELL A ONE MAN LIFE IN TWO HOURS,INSTED ITS WHAT YOU CAN TELL IN THOSE TWO HOURS?  In John Nash life, those two hours were about about ambition,deternmination,vision,strugle,love,hope and finaly..success.  If we tried to take a moment..just one moment..and think...Think with the whole picture in our minds, we can see that the true plot of the movie is orientied on that "Original Idea"..the effort of a man to come up with a true original idea, his seek and effort forced him to exceeds the limits, and keep in mind that what you watched was a true story.   A Beatufuil mind is a true "Original Movie", which does its job by leaving you wondering and asking questions.  I think its also a great movie becuase its the kind that youll watch it again and again, it leaves an impression and leaving an impression is somthing rare in these days movies.
 Having only seen the previews for A Beautiful Mind before seeing the film, I was nothing short of stunned when I left the theater. Stunned that a book absent from the public eye focusing on a brilliant man, A Beautiful Mind could be brought to the screen only with a cinematic and heartfelt commitment. Impressed that Russell Crowe, who is quickly becoming one of the best actors of all time, could portray a man so full of cerebral electricity that he himself became John Nash in a sense. And certainly I was left breathless that Ron Howard could return filmmaking to its basic roots, telling a story without lots of flash and special effects. A Beautiful Mind moved me perhaps more than any film in most of my life. To delve deep into the troubled yet passionate mind of John Nash through Crowe's eyes is an inspiration of life itself. I dare say that this film will sweep the Oscars, and even if it doesn't, it garners the honor of being a classic for all ages.
 I just watched the film in a preview screening. Russel Crowe's portrayl of Nash was extraordinary. He did a fantastic job of acting. I see Oscar nomination again for Crowe. He also had a great supporting cast. A definate must see for any moviegoer that appreciates a great film.
 This movie is much more effective than "Identity in portraying the nightmare of schizophrenia.  It's a brilliant portrait of a devoted marriage and a genius convinced that he can help the good guys win the war by decoding secret messages in magazines.  The image of Nash relentlessly circling words and phrases is both haunting, terrifying and heartbreaking.  This movie inspires incredible compassion.  The love of Alicia Nash (the luminous Jennifer Connelly, who has grown up so much since "Labyrinth, is unbelievably strong and yet fragile) makes us believe in the impossible.
 Based on Sylvia Nasar's biography of the mathematical genius John Forbes Nash (born 1928), winner of the 1994 Nobel Prize in economics for his revolutionary game theory, `A Beautiful Mind' recounts Nash's struggle with genius and with schizophrenia.  Frequently and incorrectly confused with multiple personality disorder, schizophrenia involves seeing delusions.  In real life the nature of Nash's delusions during his time of illness have been largely forgotten by him, and in this regard the screen-writer has taken the liberty to fictionally recreate delusions revolving around three imagined characters
 My sister had to drag me to watch this film.  And in the end it was what neither of us expected - plotwise.  Turns out I enjoyed the film more than she did.  We had no idea who John Nash was.  My sister was expecting a romance movie.  I was expecting a documentary of his life.  In some ways, it's both.  In other ways, it's neither.  There indeed is romance and love involved in this story between John and his wife Alicia.  And it also does document the earlier days of John's life spent in academia (Princeton) which led to his groundbreaking discovery of an economic theory. In my opinion, Russell Crowe does a wonderful job of portraying the often quirky, always socially inept John Nash.  When I later discover he has schizophrenia, I thought to myself "so that's what schizophrenia looks like".  I immediately found sympathy for him, and realized that he really doesn't mean to be a bad person.  It really is a condition that can happen to anybody.  The special and interesting thing about John Nash is that he is able to rationalize this disorder and compartmentalize it in his mind so that he can continue living his life.  What a truly beautiful mind he has! Jennifer Connelly plays Alicia in this movie.  She's introduced to us as a drop-dead gorgeous student of John that has a feisty side to her.  We get a feeling early on that she finds something unique and attractive about John, and tries to enculturate him into society.  She makes him fall in love with her.  And so they get married.  That's when John's paranoid episodes get more intense and he is institutionalized for a while.  Yet through it all, Alicia is always patient, supportive, understanding and faithful.  She knew they could overcome this.  And she was right. This film to me is inspirational on many levels.  It's about an underdog who works hard to achieve the accomplishment of a lifetime.  It's about a man's battle with paranoid schizophrenia, and his subsequent triumph over it.  It's about the love of one woman for her husband through thick or thin. You must watch this film to understand.  It wasn't what I expected... it was much much more.
 Back in February 2002, week, my wife, our son, and I made an unusual evening foray to the town nearest our home having a theater in it.  The theater is one of those multiplexes (yes, Maine does have `em!!) with 14 theaters in the same building.  After driving the 32 miles to the theater complex, we found ourselves faced with a veritable treasure trove of excellent choices... among them "Black Hawk Down, "John Q,  "A Beautiful Mind, and "Lord of the Rings
 I saw this movie when I was working at a mental hospital.  I helped me to understand what schizophrenia might be like to some people.  If you want to know about that watch this and do not learn to much about the movie it will reck it.  Just know that this is very well done and respectfully done.  It is based on a true story, but not a documentary.  The acting is excellent.  If you want to understand more watch this.  It is a beautiful movie.
 Ron Howard (Splash, Cocoon, Backdraft, Apollo 13) has done excellent work as a director for which he has gotten little credit over the years.  With this film comes a best director Oscar and a best picture Oscar and finally the recognition he deserves.  Howard has always been good at presenting human stories, be they comedy or drama.  He has a intuitive understanding of character motivation and is excellent at making his characters elicit strong emotions in the viewer.  This is particularly true in this film. The story is based on the life of John Forbes Nash, Jr., a mathematician and Nobel laureate who suffered from schizophrenia.  The film gives us a unique first person perspective of the disease, drawing us into his world and allowing us to see what Nash sees.  Howard's presentation is brilliant.  At first Nash is presented as a bit eccentric, but lucid.  As we experience his world, reality and illusion are so perfectly intertwined that we are not sure where the world ends and the mind begins.  By fooling the audience Howard makes the subtle point that to the schizophrenic it all seems real.  In attempting to evaluate Nash's world we get a distant understanding of the confusion that results when a rational person attempts to cope with a world that is part real and part hallucination. While this is a biopic, it is more fiction than fact.  A great deal of dramatic license is taken since Nash freely admits that he has little recollection of the years when he suffered from the disease.  The powerful speech at the end of the film where he thanks his wife after receiving his Nobel Prize is pure Hollywood.  Included in the DVD is footage of the actual Nobel ceremony and no speeches were given.  Yet, we can forgive the latitude taken because the story is so inspirational. From a production standpoint, special note must be given to the makeup department, which ages Russell Crowe so magnificently.  As the movie progresses through four decades, Nash is realistically depicted and aged appropriately.  Likewise, the art department does a fine job rendering four different periods, matching costumes, props and sets to the times. Yet, with all the fine production values, this film excels most in the acting.  Russell Crowe turns in a career performance in a career abundant in great performances.  This character is the antithesis of the Russell Crowe we've come to expect.  Instead of strong, tough and balanced, with a sharp worldly intelligence, he plays an eccentric and convoluted man with quirks, nervous habits and a psyche obviously out of balance.  Crowe completely immerses himself in the enormous volume of the role, effortlessly moving between its elements from audacity to paranoia to tenderness to genius.  This is an accomplishment that is light years beyond his Academy Award performance in "Gladiator", good as it was. Jennifer Connelly puts herself on the map with an Oscar for best supporting actress.  It is always difficult to avoid getting lost in the presence of an actor as powerful as Crowe, but Connelly stays right with him, delivering a moving performance as Nash's steadfast wife. Ed Harris was my favorite to nose out Crowe for best actor in last year's Academy Awards.  Harris gave a brilliant performance playing Jackson Pollock in "Pollock (also featuring Jennifer Connelly in a small role) that was trampled under by the "Gladiator Oscar juggernaut.  As if to say, "If you can't beat him, join him", Harris goes toe to toe with Crowe in some of the most intense scenes in the film.  Harris lends significant energy and intrigue to the movie with an urgent performance as the operative who recruits Nash to break codes for the government. This film is nothing short of fantastic.  It is expertly directed, superbly acted and meticulously crafted.  It presents great drama while also bringing insight into a stigmatizing disease to a wide audience.  I rated it a 10/10.  It rightfully ran away with the Best Picture Oscar.  If you see only one motion picture this year, make sure it is this one.
 This is the finest performance by the finest actor we have. Despite the controversy over what was deleted from Nash's life, the film itself rises to emotional heights that will call you back to see it again and again   Russell Crowe is, from the first moment you see him at Princeton in 1947, totally gone into this character, unrecog-nizable as himself in other roles, or himself in the role called "real life.   You will begin to realize all over again what acting IS watching him on the screen. This kind of commitment to the art of it hasn't been seen in a generation of Hollywood-driven, middle- class, easyboy lead men. Crowe is down, intense, blue-collar no bull..creating whatever it takes from touched to tenderized by his demons. No one else shows inner struggle and feeling so well. See if you don't agree. Then go back and watch his earlier triumphs.  Do you really care that he drinks beer a lot? And isn't polite about it all? C'mon Americans. This was clearly the most complex performance of any actor in years. Don't believe anything else.
 Don't listen to those few critics who broadsided(small clue to Russell's next movie) this beautiful movie...complaining that some ruff stuff about Dr. Nash's life was left out.  The film is stunning ... and it has the BEST PERFORMANCE by An Actor that this movie goer has ever seen and I've seen them all (since 1952) including all of this year's Oscar nominations.   Crowe doesn't just play it, he disappears in it and you are privileged to meet the brilliant, intense, disturbed, compelling young, middle aged and elder beautiful mind that reflects the genius and torment of Dr. John Nash.  Yes,  it is entertainment folks...mesmerizing, edifying, intense and finally it bings your heart home. But, it also says something important about mental illness.  Many of the homeless people you meet suffer from mental illness including schizophrenia.  They have no one to take care of them, they forget to take their meds, they act crazy, they scare you? Next time try seeing them as a Nobel Laureate.
 Schizophrenia, a disease of the brain, is one of the most disabling and emotionally devastating illnesses known to man... It is characterized by a constellation of distinctive and predictable symptoms... These include thought disorder, delusions, and hallucinations...  The film recounts the story of John Forbes Nash Jr., a Princeton brilliant mind, who rides up to the heights of mathematical prowess, down through mental breakdown, and finally up to regain the equilibrium...  Russell Crowe ventures on a journey of fear, humiliation and vulnerability, giving a real and moving portrait of a troubled man whose gifts were his downfall...  We see him impolite and rude, too smart to have to attend class, lacking social skills, insulting the great ideas of his colleagues, calling their work derivative, and declaring, "To find a truly original idea is the only way to distinguish myself.  Nash is obsessed with patterns... He spends his days writing perplexing formulas on his dormitory window in search of a breakthrough idea... He gets it one night, while out with his fellow scholars at a local bar where a stunning blond grabs their attention... He recreates the design of a classmate's tie reflecting light through glass... He follows the movements of pigeons as they compete for food... He stares obsessively at too many numbers, and reveals his natural ability helping the Pentagon crack the mathematical codes the Soviets are using...  He becomes friend with his roommate, Charles Herman, who is everything he is not - charming and charismatic... He somewhat refines his social manners enough to win the love of a beautiful physics student who would become his wife...  Then he begins to look for secret messages in newspapers and magazines, interpreting vague, undecipherable connections between letters and numbers...  His mental derangement grows to uncontrolled proportions and the lines between reality and delusion begin to occur as his hallucinations take control of his life in every instant... Nash soon begins to understand the nature of his mental illness and, while he is never cured of his hallucinations behavior, eventually keeps struggling to overcome it...  Crowe imparts every facet of John Nash's personality with clarity and feeling... He wins our sympathy merely by showing us a man climbing to the top, falling to the very bottom, and through love and determination fully, recapturing his potential once again...  Jennifer Connelly begins to establish herself as a young actress to watch for... She exudes class and sophistication... She makes a marvelous loving wife forced to face the realities of schizophrenia... She tries to do what's best for her husband, but in the face of adversity to take the decision she does, it is inspiring to think that love is the seed of all hope, and what makes the ride worthwhile...  Paul Bettany gives another charming turn as Nash's only true friend... He is able to extend any sympathy or understanding, frequently pushing Nash to leave his inquiries for a pizza and beer break...  Ed Harris looks nicely menacing in his black fedora... You never know if the man is real, a delusion or both as he constantly drives Nash to the verge of insanity and beyond...  Adam Goldberg makes a quiet impression as a Princeton alumnus...  Ron Howard evokes the beauty of Nash's mind, and brings us with tenderness, the story of a tortured-genius... His choice to shoot much of the film from Nash's point-of-view is both effective and intriguing...  The film peacefully highlights the value of a very clever man who gains a beautiful heart, mainly through the love, faith and strength of his lovely wife...
 This story caught my attention immediately and held it for the entire film. The movie is based on the life of John Nash.  He was a brilliant mathematician who became famous as a young man for his work in economics. The film spans several decades and begins when John Nash arrives at Princeton University.  Russell Crowe does an excellent job in the role of Nash.  The part required the transformation of Nash from a young and healthy man to an aging schizophrenic. Alicia, Nash's wife is played by Jennifer Connelly. She's very convincing as an intelligent and strong woman who comes to realize that her brilliant husband is very troubled and lives in another world. One particular and lovely scene stands out in my mind where Nash and his future wife are looking at the stars. He tells her to think of different shapes or animals and he is able to look at the night sky, with its millions of stars, and link them together into whatever form she mentions. I wish there had been more scenes of that kind and maybe a little insight into Nash's family and childhood. John Nash was eventually awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for Mathematics, which is some consolation, but the tragedy of his gifted mind being assaulted by delusions was something that I won't forget. I came away from this movie with a tremendous amount of compassion for John Nash.  Schizophrenia is truly a horrible mental disease. This film is worth seeing and I believe that it will stand the test of time.
 You really get to explore and understand extreme genius.  Just as Amadeus showed us the tortured mind of Mozart and Shine, a surprising story about real-life classical pianist David Helfgott, A Beautiful Mind will also be an insightful classic.   Russell Crowe's performance was key to the success of this movie.  Few, if any other could have brought to life the screen with such understanding of the character.  Did not know the range that this actor possesses.
 This is an excellent, must see movie (especially on the big screen the first time you watch it).  Moving, touching, Nash will grab your heart as you watch the turmoil and challenges that he endures. And Alicia is wonderful as she chooses to stay with him and help him get his life back.  The potrayal of what it is really like in a schizophrenics mind was excellent.  Yes, there are a few small things I call them that could have been better, but I've yet to see a movie that was perfect, there is always something you could have done better.  Once you get into the movie,(which will not take long) you could care less about the small things..you are so in to the John Nash character and supporting cast.  The movie was named accurately as it was a beautiful movie and had a beautiful ending.  My hat is off to you once again, Russell Crowe and also to Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Ron Howard and all other supporters.
 I just love John Nash, but he wouldn't BE if it weren't for his wonderful wife, Alicia. You can't help but see this was a big message in Ron Howard's choices about directing this movie. First I read the book, A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Then I saw the PBS presentation about John Nash (wonderfully done, by the way). Only then did I want to see the movie. I wanted to see John Nash and not Russell Crowe in a role. Crowe did a darn good job with a very demanding role except for his enunciation periodically when it wasn't necessary for the portrayal, but the role of Alicia, played by Jennifer Connelly, was superb. It was much truer to the Nash's reality. If she hadn't been the compassionate person she is, and Jennifer portrays this so well, John Nash would be either on the streets or dead. Ed Harris was his usual wonderful self. The  treats  were the addition of such icons as Judd Hirsch and Christoper Plummer. This DVD is well worth purchasing and I feel that the original movie might have received more notice at the Academy Awards if Crowe hadn't been acting so, mmmmmmmmm, snotty. His behavior hurt the film's chances of receiving even more of the accolades it deserves. The DVD is extremely clear and the sound is so good that my dog was set off barking frantically in one of the  top secret mail delivery  scenes. A Beautiful Job!
 Item arrived as described.  No concerns or misrepresentations.  I would definitely buy from this vendor again!  It played without any issues.
 I live in US and I didn't know this movie was not watchable in US when I was buying it.  I watched the movie on my laptop computer and absolutely loved it. John Nash and his no-ordinary-genious's life. It is adorable. This is one of the must-watch movies.
 I have been waiting for this movie to come out in BluRay for a long time. Great story, great acting, and great sharp image.
 After watching this movie called A Beautiful Mind by Russell Crowe at you tube...but could not watch the full movie.. i was "force to order it from amazon.com and it was shipped to my address, and i never liked maths in high school. but after watching this! I'm getting A's in all my maths courses in the university. thanks to amazon and to God...if you are finding anything difficult in Life try watching this...it will take you to the next level...i recommend it to all...
 I'm very touched by the movie, especially the love of John Nash's wife to him. Love is patient, love is endurance, love is not just after one's own benefits, and love shines. And Jennifer Connelly's Oscar is well earned.  Highly recommended.
 Russel Crow delievers again in this really well done movie. I enjoyed the story a lot and at some points didn't know who to trust. Don't miss this film.
 I resisted this movie for awhile. I tend to rebel against anything or anyone who appears to be over-hyped. I got tired of hearing about Russell Crowe. Finally I broke down and bought the movie.  In a way, this is two stories in one. The beginning story is totally engrossing and believable. You watch this beautiful mind, this talented man emerge into his field, gather followers, find love, and get an intriguing, dangerous job. Then you learn The Truth.  The remainder of the story depicts a man's struggle against his "emotional illness, eventually without the use of drugs (because they diminished his Beautiful Mind, his brilliance).. His struggles to hold onto his beloved wife and family.. and his eventual story of humble triumph.  This was a great movie, and made me a Russell Crowe Fan.
 Russell Crowe's portrayal of John Nash's life is simply superb.  It will forever stand as the definitive movie on that imperceptible line separating the truly genius from mere mortals.
 This is such a great movie on a very complex subject. Schizophrenia is very misunderstood. To watch this man battle his demons, so to speak, as an every day occurrence was fascinating to watch. Although I had seen this movie years ago, watching it again brought back some things that I had forgotten about. Now, I have the opportunity for many more friends to see the movie and give their opinions. I actually have an Abnormal Psychology student that I let watch it so that she could see some of the symptoms of schizophrenia. She said that it actually did help her understand some of the concepts. Regardless of what type of character John Nash may or may not have been, the movie with Russell Crowe is excellent.
 I LOVE this movie. Russell Crowe gives a wonderful performance. It is the story of one man's battle with mental illness and would be an inspiration for anybody, with or without problems. I highly recomend it to anybody.
 Based on Slyvia Nasar's book; this movie is about John Nash a brilliant mathemitician and code breaker  who in turn suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. In real life John Nash only heard voices and did not see things. He starts at Princeton, where he is accepted into graduate school and where his schizophenria beginngs. He has a roomate played by Paul Bettany and his own close group of friends. He is befrinded by Alicia NAsh one of his students played well by Jennifer Connelly. They marry and throughout their marriage they are  plagued by his continued delusions and hallucinations. His wife knows there's something wrong but will do anything to save her marriage and tries very hard. Ed Harris playes the imaginary government conspirator who leads John to believe his is part of a conspiracy and Paul Bettany playes the imaginary roomate. John Nash is gets so involved with his delusions that it starts to effect his marriage and his life especially after his first son is born. Christopher Plummer plays the psychitrist who tries to help him and does by hospitilation. This is a very emotional movie for anyone that has dealth with schizophrenia. I highly recommend it you will not be disappointed. Ron Howard did a brilliant job directing this movie.
 Before watching any Russell Crowe movie, I thought of him as a pretentious jerk.  After watching this movie, (my first RC movie), I fell in love.  So much so that I had to rent  Cinderella Man and Gladiator.  An exceptional actor who took the story of John Nash and made us understand the reality of Schizophrenia.  You would be crazy not to watch this.
 This is a superlative film, directed by Ron Howard, someone who is sure to be remembered as a legend in his own time for the number of high quality films that he has directed, thus far. He is certainly one of the finest directors around today, and this film is certainly reflective of his talent. The technique that he employs to illustrate the descent of John Nash into the world of schitzophrenia is highly effective.  Loosely based upon the biography of the same name by Sylvia Nasar, the world of schitzophrenia is brought to life in this film by a wonderful screenplay, deft direction, and superb acting. Featuring the life of Nobel Prize laureate, John Nash, this film begins to chronicle his life from 1947, when he was a young, promising, though eccentric, graduate student at Princeton University. The film delineates his lack of social skills, eccentricities, rise to prominence, marriage, and eventual descent into schitzophrenic hell. It follows his battle with madness and his own way of coping with his inner demons. It also shows how Nash's early work proved to be so influential that it netted him a Nobel Prize decades later. While a number of people have objected to the fact that this film leaves out some of the darker sides of Nash, one would do well to remember that this is not a documentary but merely a dramatization.  Russell Crowe gives a memorable portrayal of the afflicted and tormented John Nash, beleagured by the devils that existed only in his mind. Ed Harris is compelling as the slightly sinister Parcher, a shadowy government operative whose existence is intertwined with that of John's. Paul Bettany, as he did in the role of Chaucer in "A Knight's Tale", once again almost steals the show in the role of John's alleged roommate and friend, Charles. Christopher Plummer is excellent as Dr. Rosen, the psychiatrist who appeals to the dormant rationality in Nash. While Jennifer Connelly gives a very good performance in the role of Alicia, John's caring wife, it does not rise to the level of Oscar worthy, though she won an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.  This two disc, widescreen, awards edition DVD clinches this as being worthy of five stars. It is an absolutely value laden two disc DVD. The first disc offers a widescreen version of the film in addition to two commentaries. One is by the director, Ron Howard. The other is by the screenwriter, Akiva Goldsman. The second disc is devoted entirely to special features. Particularly memorable is the feature with John Nash himself, explaining his theory on equilibrium. There is also a feature that shows the Nobel Prize awards of 1994 and Nash's acceptance of his in Economics. All in all, this is a great package deal and simply first rate.
 I have not seen this film until recently. I never really cared for this film nor for its leading star, Mr. Russell Crowe. But I happened to be in Blockbuster and I passed by this DVD so I picked it up only to quench my curiosity over why it was named Best Picture. I was amazed at how wonderful 'A Beautiful Mind' turned out. Of course, I liked Ron Howard's past movies 'Apollo 13', 'Backdraft', 'Gung Ho', 'Cocoon', 'Splash' and 'Nightshift', so my expectations were particularly high. Russell Crowe amazed me as he delivered a very good performance as John Nash, a mentally disturbed mathematician genius at Princeton University. Jennifer Connelly reached her all time career peak as the woman Nash falls in love with and has to deal with her husbands problem. The movie is haunting, dark, funny at times, and very touching. I don't really know whether the movie dramatizes too much for movie purposes, but it sure unfolds very well. The makeup work is one of the highlights of the movie. Ed Harris is surprising in his role.  In no way is 'A Beautiful Mind' boring nor is it dumb. It sparks excellent performances and a beautiful character-actor picture. Highly Recommended. A
 For those of us who have read the novel by Sylvia Nasar, this movie will come as a complete surprise.  I remember sitting in the theatre in complete confusion thru portions of the film.  The confusion, however, was finally replaced by the realization of what the makers of this movie were trying to do. The 3 imagined characters were pure fiction and much of the movie was highly fabricated.  The film also entirely omitted the object of Nash's first affair, Eleanor, as well as the son he fathered by her, John David.   As all good movies do, this film had its reasons for proceeding thus.  The story is about Nash's courtship and marriage of Alicia.  It was during this period in his life that he experienced his biggest bouts with mental illness, which is also central to the theme.  To have included Eleanor and John David would have made the movie much longer and the film would have lost its focus. As for Nash's illness itself, to give an accurate account would have made the film wander about without any real direction (which is exactly what Nash himself DID do for several years).  The 3 fictional characters are installed to bring the film a cohesive plot as well as a storyline with a considerable degree of symmetry. Ron Howard does an outstanding job directing this film.  The cast, featuring Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Christopher Plummer and Jennifer Connoley, is magnificent.  Particularly impressive is Crowe as this role is so very different from his notable performance in GLADIATOR. This is a film that I would recommend everyone adding to their DVD collection.  Movies about the lives of atheletes are commonplace, but films that detail the stories of intellectuals are exceedingly scarce.  For that reason alone, I would admonish all persons to watch this movie. Ultimately, this movie is a REPRESENTATION of Nash's life as opposed to a glossing over of actual events.  However, in Hollywood, as well as storytelling in general, style is something that may trump veracity.  For those who want the full story I recommend Nasar's book by the same name.
 This movie is about a man who is sick. I mean he makes up people like friends and other charaters. this man, John Nash is also a genious has been in prestigious school and graduaed. This is is more or less how the movie starts. I really advise peaple to go watch it.
 This movie was excellent.  I had no idea of the true story behind this movie, so how the producers introduced the characters (both real and imagined) was exceptional.  I normally don't watch drama's, however, this is a must own.
 A Beautiful Mind is one of the best dramatic movies I have ever seen. It won the Oscar for Best Picture which I belive it was. Russell Crowe is simply amazing at playing the part of John Nash. Jennifer Connelly deserved her Oscar for her part as Alicia Nash. Ed Harris did a great job as William Parcher. Christopher Plummer did a good job as Dr. Rosen who tries to help John overcome his problems. Paul Bettany also does a fine job as Charles Herman who is John's laid back roomate at Princeton. Ron Howard definetly deserved his Oscar for Best Director for this film. He's fantastic. The DVD of A Beautiful Mind is extremely well done. The picture is fantastic and well detailed. The colors are so vibrant throughout the film. The sound is perfect the entire film. There are also great special features.  A Beautiful Mind tells the biography of the brilliant genius of a mathamatician, John Nash. The movie begins in a mathamatics class at Princeton where John Nash had a scholarship to becuase he is so good with math. His rival is the other winner of the scholarship who is always pressuring John. John's roommate helps John cope with thing when they get tough. John also studies people, animals, and other thing then draws there movement on window panes in his dorm room and the library of the college. Nash struggles throughout the movie with life, but his loving wife is always there to help him.  This movie is overall extremely brilliant in everyway. There are several unbeliveable twists that are amazing. The movie is so interesting and somewhat emotional. This movie is a winner. John Nash is a hero for what he had to go through. Hes fantastic. Just buy this film if you haven't seen it because this one's a keeper. Thanks
 A Beautiful Mind had everything there needed to be to be the best film on the big screen.I just loved every minute of the film.I have seen every film that Ron Howard has made and there is only one that is greater.Ron is the best.I would recommend this picture to anyone.I laughed and I cried and cheered while watching this film.Not many films can make you do that.I own it on DVD.You should too.
 This is one of the best movies I have seen this year. A great performance by both the leading man and woman. A great storty with both action and drama, no needless violence or sex. An adult movie, good direction and great story telling. So many movies seem to be just a showcase for special effects, but forget the story is the thing that makes a movie, without a great story all else is lost. A must see.
 It took me awhile to actually get to a theatre to watch this movie, and when I finally did, I couldn't remember why I had waited so long.  I am a huge Russell Crowe fan, as well as a Jennifer Connolly fan, and I was very pleased to see her star in a film side-by-side this amazing actor.  Crowe's performance in portraying John Nash was absolutely unbeatable and I was so absorbed in this movie that when it was over I just wanted to sit in my chair and cry for all those who suffer from mental illness.  Crowe was truly robbed of the oscar by yet another ridiculous political statement.  He is best actor in my book.  See this movie, if you haven't already!!!  It is an experience you won't forget!
 This was a brand new movie and very interesting...thanks.  I had to watch it for a class, but liked it for personal enjoyment also
 Kudos to Ron Howard! This is one of the best inspirational movies I have seen in a long time. Nash is more than just an eccentric, nutty Princeton mathematics professor. He has schizophrenia and struggles hard, but like many of us, to 'come to terms' with love, uncertainty, his thoughts, dreams & fantasies, and his perception of reality.  The movie also, in some ways, challenges stereotyped ideas about mental illness and our notion of absolute facts and 'truths'. Although the perseverative and psychotic symptoms of Nash's illness are very frustrating to watch, his character invokes enough sympathy to make the viewer almost wish his stories were true and that he's really not mentally ill.  Superb acting by Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly and Ed Harris.  Overall, this film creatively and intensely illustrates the power of love and the resiliency & triumph of the human spirit.
 Ron Howard and Russell Crowe have finally done it. This movie surprised me from beginning to end. I would have never expected Russell Crowe to give this kind of performance. I'm glad Ron Howard has finally shown his dark side. What I really noticed about this film, thinking about the effect of emotion on eye color, was that Russell's eye color changed from green to blue in some scenes.  Ron Howard has shown me that his directing is comparable to Frances Ford Coppola's and Martin Scorsese's. The two roles that Russell Crowe played in The Insider and A Beautiful Mind completely top his Oscar winning role in Gladiator. I loved Jennifer Connely's acting in this movie and the chemistry between Russell and Jennifer was electrifying. People who've said Russell is a one note actor will have a different opinion after seeing this movie.  I think Russell Crowe's acting in this film is comparable to my favorites, Marlon Brando and Robert Deniro. I believe there has never been a method actor who has demonstrated such gifted acting as Russell Crowe in this film "A Beautiful Mind.  Russell Crowe reminds me of Deniro a lot because of the intensity and sensitive emotion's they both show when acting. Russell gives us a different picture of mental illness when he portrays this geeky, shy, arrogant Dr. Nash. I think this movie is an original movie about an original man, the brilliant genius John Forbes Nash Jr. He is trying to find his original idea and on the way he falls in love with his future wife Alicia, becomes schizophrenic, and begins his long journey to the discovery of a lifetime and what Really matters in life.
 The story of John Nash--a brilliant man suffering from disorganized and paranoid thoughts--raises the issue of whether brilliant thoughts and ideas are typically created from those who are, well, a bit insane.  In my own experience, I've seen that those who are quite creative tend to have many quirky personality attributes, some of which would be defined as 'disorders' by pyschologists.  The movie certainly gives the impression that without his schitophrenia, Mr. Nash would not have been able to see the world the way it actually is, especially regarding his scientific theories.  If that's true, it certainly is an interesting subject for future scientists to explore. But I did love the movie.  The acting was quite strong. . . I like the fact that the movie was able to present the 'invisible characters' in Mr. Nash's life in the beginning of the film without openly telling the audience that these individuals don't exist in reality.  That is left for the audience to discover later.  We are as fooled as Mr. Nash is.  That's the point.
 I was so eager to watch this movie and it was truly worth it..! Usually Oscar winning drama movies have a different taste that you might have difficulties to swallow... but A Beautiful Mind keeps you thrilled and attached to the movie all the way until it ends... it's the kind of story that you never get enough from and keeps you curious until the end! The movie is full of surprises all the way until the end... it's a story of love &amp; struggle and believing in yourself and your love! It's very touchy especially when you know it is a TRUE STORY!
 Russell Crowe's performance here was phenomenal (much better than his performance in Gladiator, because this was a much more difficult role to play).  A Beautiful Mind is based on the life of John Nash, a brilliant man who, at length, outsmarts his psychological illness.  Describing this movie is difficult without giving anything away... Beautiful Mind takes the viewer on a journey, and just when you are sure you know where you are going, you discover that you had never really left in the first place.  A most amazing movie with twists and turns that rival The Firm and Sixth Sense. Best picture of the year.
 A Beautiful Mind is an example of the rare great hollywood movie with a true and real story attached. Russell Crowe portrays John Nash, a Genius in the field of advanced math and theories of science as well as our economic status. He is plagued with terrible hallucinations throughout his life. Throughout the entire movie you do not know if he is hallucinationg or the things you see are really there. Ron Howard and Brian Grazer along with an award winning cast of writers were able to capture Schizophrenia like no other movie has ever truly been able to do. Ed Harris delivers a suberb performance portraying the object of Nash's hallucinations as a CIA Agent using Nash to decode Russian messages. Nash believes everything he says and even follows it to the letter. Jennifer Connelly also delivers an award winning performace as Nash's faithful wife. She is with Nash through all of his problems and ulitmately cites her as his greatest achievement for all the help and love she gave him. I won't give up the end for you in case you haven't seen it yet, but i will say that it is a fitting ending for an award filled movie.
 This performance deserved the Oscar.  Russell Crowe is one of the most diverse actors I have ever seen. He is right in there with Tom Hanks for me.  This movie was good and sad in so many ways. It is an incredible story. I cried with the Professor.  Anyone who hasn't seen this one should.  Ron Howard is to be commended for his directing and as I said Russell Crowe gives just a breathtakingly incredible performance.
 This film contains an incredible Oscar-nominated performance by Russell Crowe.  I was lost in his portrayal of the troubled John Nash, and was incredibly impressed.  Jennifer Connelly's Oscar-winning performance truly reveals a wife desperate to help her husband, and some of her moments onscreen are purely inspired.  A powerful story of frustrated genius and love overcoming dire circumstances,  A Beautiful Mind  is masterful.  The character of Nash reveals a man that finds it difficult to accept his insanity but still can find humor and joy in his life. The deleted scenes are worth purchasing the DVD versus the VHS, revealing a scene with Ron Howard's father as well as John Nash's creation of a mathematically perfect game.  Commentaries offered by the director as well as the screenwriter provide interesting insights into the film. This movie is definitely a must-see, and the DVD and its goodies will only make it better.  (It would be a crime to see this film on pan and scan VHS)
 I am so angry that Russell Crowe did not win an Oscar for his performance in A Beautiful Mind. This movie is seriously the movie of the year. Some may not agree but i just found this movie so interesting, exciting, and breathtaking. Russell Crowe is an excellent actor. One would think that he was the real john nash~! and Jennifer Connelly is just wonderful. THe make up and background is great.  I could feel tears in my eyes while i was watching this movie. I recommend everyone to purchase or borrow this movie~!! the DVD offers a lot of commentary and behind the scene footage~! it's worth the money so go get it today~!
 This movie is the reason movies are made.  It's an excellent film correctly portraying the life of a schizophrenic while still giving you the hollywood cinematography you'd expect.  By the way, I think the movie that other man was reffering to was Mulholland Drive not falls, in case you were interested in seeing it.
 The film A Beautiful Mind is one of much aptitude and anticipation which give this movie a commendable score of nine points out of a feasible ten. The movie manages to twist enough pathos out of John Nash's inconceivable life story to redeem an at-times ludicrous representation of schizophrenia. This film has a large amount of decisive factors that formulate this film to be consequently astonishing. The initial portion of criterion facilitated in this film is its significant performing of the actors. Russell Crowe tackles the role with distinguishing vehemence, in performance of the Nobel prize-winning mathematician from his days at Princeton, where he developed an innovative economic theory. The job made by Crowe is nothing abrupt of immaculateness. Jennifer Connelly outrivals in her role as the accommodating wife, with inconsequential reservations. The acting alone makes this film so immaculate, excluding the acting; there is much that substantiates this film wonderful.  Subsequently, the captivating and inimitable chronicle of the life of John Nash augments the immensity of the film. In the commencement the audience's assessment of the film is scrutiny of a gifted man attending Princeton, who desires to formulate an exalted concept. This by itself is a nonchalant movie; on the contrary the story that is unfolded constructs this to be an irreplaceable story. A first time watcher would not distinguish Nash's schizophrenia and that particular characters do not in reality subsist, as soon as ascertaining this mental mannerism about him it makes you reflect, and accordingly makes the viewer watch it for a second time. If you has not seen this film, it is vastly recommended that it be seen and be taken in by the film's satirical intellect and innovation.
 This is another grand triumph for director Ron Howard on the level of his big hit of the eighties,  Cocoon,  and another Oscar caliber performance by Russell Crowe, who dug within himself for the last ounce of intensity and feeling.   A Beautiful Mind  provides the trials and tribulations of a man who is exceedingly gifted on the one hand, while riddled with problems on the other.  Crowe does a superb job of balancing the highs and the lows of Nobel economics laureate John Forbes Nash, whose gifts in mathematics coincide with his schizophrenia. Jennifer Connelly blends into the story mix with her highly supportive role of Crowe's wife.  When his long, hard struggle with adversity culminates in the Nobel Prize the emotional highlight of the film arises when Crowe looks into the audience and exclaims, while staring directly at Connelly, that he never could have realized his achievement without love.  He was paying his wife the highest tribute for her unflagging cooperation in the wake of adversity. In dealing with a subject such as schizophrenia, Howard was confronted with the decision of just how to approach it.  He decided on a communicative vehicle that was highly cinematic and enriching in terms of understanding the man and his difficulties.  Howard presents dramatic sequences which Crowe as Nash was convinced actually occurred, even though they were imagined and were an integral part of his schizophrenia.  Ed Harris assumes the role of a master handler leading his subject to clandestine activities, the goal preventing the Soviets from unleashing their powerful nuclear arsenal against America.  Crowe also encounters a happy go lucky roommate who ultimately teaches literature at Harvard, a boozy,  let's enjoy life  intellectual with a reverence for D.H. Lawrence.  His irreverence and  What's the difference?  insouciance is a welcome contrast for Crowe to his own often tragic formality.  Crowe then meets the former roommate's young niece, for whom he quickly develops an affinity.  We then find out from Crowe's psychiatrist, played with just the proper note of empathic sensitivity by Christopher Plummer, that Crowe had no roommate while at Princeton! Another interesting aspect of the film is the recognition by Crowe as Nash that he is truly different from other people.   We're a couple of odd ducks,  he tells Connelly his student, girlfriend, and ultimately loyal wife.  We see how he copes with social awkwardness in his quest to become the best mathematician he can be.
 This movie, as a movie, is wonderful. It has a beautiful storyline, amazingly good actors, and a gorgeous score. But, as an adaptation of a book, it is not so good. I read "A Beautiful Mind this week, and was amazed FAR more by the book, than by the movie, and it disappointed me to realize how much the movie strays from the book. I can understand adaptations like "The Fellowship of the Ring", where a few things are changed, and a chapter left out, but in "A Beautiful Mind (the book), there wasn't even MENTION of John Forbes Nash, Jr. seeing a government man, a room mate, or a room mate's niece during his schizophrenic years. Rather, he wanted to establish a "World Government", and spent months in Europe trying to renounce his American citizenship and be legally considered a refugee from "'all NATO, Warsaw, Middle East and SEATO pact countries.' -("A Beautiful Mind", "Citoyen du Monde", page 273, Sylvia Nasar) The movie neglected to point out Nash's struggles with homosexuality, AND with Alicia, whom he divorced and didn't remarry until June of 2001. Nash didn't only have one son, either; he had an affair BEFORE meeting Alicia, and the son he had with Alicia is now, as I write this, suffering from schizophrenia himself, just as his father did. And, near the end of the book, it speaks much of the daily struggle it is for John and Alicia with John's son, John Charles Nash, because of his constant "remissions", and then relapses into schizophrenic hallucinations. I'd hardly call that a completely happy ending; much less happy than the movie made it out to be, anyway. BUT, AS A MOVIE, like I said earlier, minus ALL the strayings from the book, "A Beautiful Mind is beautiful itself. Russell Crowe is convincing as hell, and deserved the Oscar he didn't get, even if he won for "Gladiator last year. And Jennifer Connelly... &lt;&lt;sigh>>... is as good as an actress as ever, and deserves the Oscar she got. And the movie, as a whole, deserved the Oscar it got for Best Picture, because, as far as I can tell, it WAS the best picture of 2001.
 I am amazed by the carping critics who deride the skill of Howard, Crowe,Connelly, et al, in conveying a powerful, moving story of the redemptive power of human love and the strength of human character to overcome one's own demons,real or imagined. To have slavishly followed Nash's biography would have detracted and distracted from the focus and eloquence of this film. Watching these talented actors perform with a wonderful script under the skillful direction of Ron Howard is a rare treat. Crowe's performances through Insider, Gladiator and now Beautiful Mind confirm that he is a true acting genius. This film will be recognized over time as a masterpiece and will never become dated or maudlin.The viewers should immerse themselves in the beauty and stength of this film,and the important issues presented, and not worry if every character flaw or problem in Nash's life is explored. For that, the book serves the purpose. Meanwhile, we should  appreciate this gem.
 Hands down one of the year's most solid films.  Stunning performances by both Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connely in a beautifully directed film. This film not only moves but inspires. Not a dry eye in the house.
 I thoroughly enjoyed 'A Beautiful Mind.' It's one of those very rare movies made for an audience of reasonably mature and intelligent adults as opposed to low IQ inner-city gangbangers with a mental age of around 14 who seem to be the target audience of most Hollywood fare today.  The plot is different and holds our interest to the end; the camera work is technical perfection with none of that faddish hand-held camera nonsense; the Princeton settings are gorgeous; and the actors are without exception excellent, with Russell Crowe giving a sensitive and totally convincing performance as the brilliant and afflicted mathematician, John Nash, a man suffering from schizophrenia.  But what exactly is schizophrenia? According to Wikipedia, it is "a mental disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. It most commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations, paranoid or bizarre delusions, or disorganized speech and thinking with significant social or occupational dysfunction (http
 I cannot remember being so impressed with a movie.  Russell Crowe was outstanding and although I did not know the story of John Nash I shall never forget it now I have seen the film.  Russell Crowe's performance was totally believable and shocking, yet one can feel only sympathy, pride and joy for John Nash as a man.  The whole production was unique.  All Oscars well deserved.
 Russell Crowe deserved every award received for this poignant and sensitive portrayal of John Nash.  In the span of decades we are taken from John's young manhood through old age and watch in wonder as he deals with his profession, his colleagues, his wonderful and loving wife and baby, and his imagined reality, all through the fog of mental illness.  We never once look down on his actions, although the scene with the baby in the bathtub is both horrifying and sobering, and we root for him to somehow pull the tattered fringes of his mind together and find peace within.  Crowe's tortured performance along with a superb supporting cast, including Jennifer Connely as his supportive wife, will stay with you long after the last scenes.  The score is moving and Ron Howard's direction reminds us why he is one of the best in the movie-making business.
 Truly awe-inspiring. A beautiful work piece that is never disappointing. Wonderful cinematography. Unlike this review, the movie flows gracefully without being choppy. There are so many more good things to be said about this movie. 2 more things
 A beautifully filmed, well acted, touching movie.  I waited two years after its release to see it and regret that I did so.  This is one of the few perfect movies I have ever seen.  A perfect movie is one that could not, in my humble opinion, have been any better than it is.  Russell Crowe is perfectly cast.  The music score is wonderful.  The cinematography is top of the art.  The story, based on the life of a noted living mathematician, is complicated but deftly handled. When  A Beautiful Mind  won Best Picture at the Academy Awards over  The Fellowship of the Ring,  I was sorely disappointed.  But now that I've finally seen it, I know why it won.  And now it's on my  Top Ten Movies of All Time  list.  Watch it and I bet it'll be on yours too.
 I didn't like this movie.  Russel Crowe sucks!  But Jennifer Connely is so hot!!
 In a day and age where many movies are simply fluff, this movie has shone beyond many others in being profound, moving, and overall a powerful story. It gives us a great survey of complex human emotions, mental illness, perseverance, love and ambition.  The character development is wonderful. Paul Bettany is simply FANTASTIC here. Particularly vivid in this film is the portrait of a genius gone schizophrenic (Russel Crowe) and a loving wife who is at her wits end but still responds in a loving and caring way (Jennifer Connelly).  The setting of this film, being Princeton, adds to the overall esthetics of the film. The scenery is simply marvelous!  I highly recommend this movie!!
 This film was just flat out enticing. I have watched it over and over again, and it never seems to lose its value. Crowe is a great actor, and pulls off his role with perfection. This is one of my most favorite movies ever, and is one of the very few that ever made me tear up. Some may find the beginning to be a little slow, but after about twenty minutes of watching, you'll be hooked. Don't miss this one!!!
 There are some problems with seeing a movie for the first time a few months after it's release.  You read reviews and the side articles, and an image appears in your mind as to what you are about to see even before you see it.  You read how much of the movie is fiction.  You read (and read and read) articles about how Russell Crowe is such a jerk.  And then you actually see the movie.   With all the above baggage, there is added about halfway through the film a turn that throws you for a loop.  Not exactly the same way as  The Sixth Sense  or  The Others , but the same in the sense that you are jolted into rethinking what you have been shown.  Unlike those other two movies, where the shockers are at the end, and it explains everything, in this movie, it appears in the middle.  You now have the rest of the movie to decide if you've been cheated.  Without revealing anything, I'll say, like the other two movies, all the clues are there if you've paid attention.  So I liked it for that, and I liked it for the performances.  I didn't like Russell Crowe in  Gladiator  because he was too much of a superman.  But in this one you get to see a performance of a character who probably thinks he is the smartest person in the world, and therefore somehow evolutionarily above just about everyone else.  To see some humbleness being introduced when this crumbles is done very well.  When he regains his prestige, however, he descends into another kind of hell, and it's not so much the descent as the recovery that is heartwarming.  Once again, he finds he has to interact with other humans to truly find happiness. There is also a great supporting cast, especially Jennifer Connelly.  During the first part of the movie, there is nothing special there, but as Crowe's illness reaches dangerous levels, how she takes over is work that deserves the Oscar she got.  Considering she has to interact with someone who most of the time would prefer not to interact with anyone, how she finally gets into his world helps make the movie a joy to watch.
 A Beautiful mind is an astonishing movie.It is one of the best movies I have seen.Crowe plays John Forbes Nash Jr., a brilliant real-life mathematician and Nobel Prize winner, now in his 70s, who's also a real-life schizophrenic. But when we first meet him as a Princeton graduate student, he's just another eccentric genius, a loner obsessed with finding a truly original idea.It's also an amazing flim because it explains about the illness schizophrenia and makes people understand about the illness and it makes them learn more about schizophrenia.It also makes me like it even more because it just shows no matter how ill you are, if there is somebody to support and give you courage it may cure a bit of the illness just.Jennifer Connelly goes away with an Oscar for best supporting actress. It is always difficult to avoid getting lost in the presence of an actor as powerful as Russell Crowe, but Connelly stays right with him, delivering a moving performance as Nash's steadfast wife.Ron Howard has done excellent work as a director for which he has gotten little credit over the years. With this film comes a best director Oscar and a best picture Oscar and finally the recognition he deserves. Howard has always been good at presenting human stories, be they comedy or drama such as the ones he has so far directed
 My high rating is based on the superior quality of acting, of course, but also on what I (a layman) view as an exceptionally effective dramatic visual presentation of schizophrenic paranoia. Characters which interact with Nash throughout the film accomplish for me what an expert's clinical (albeit patient) explanation never could. Given the number of people afflicted with this disease, especially those among them not as yet correctly diagnosed, much less properly treated, this film will serve commendable humanitarian purposes while at the same time providing superior entertainment. Ron Howard and all of his associates are to be commended for their unique and compelling cinematic achievement.
 While "A Beautiful Mind is a bibliography movie to some folks and a love one to some others, I view it as an art movie. It is a powerful story of mental struggle and spiritual triumph (or survival, or concession, depending on how you look at it). The three delusional images Nash has reflect three basic desires in one's real life --(Parcher) a grand mission toward the society and history that makes one feel self-important and competent, (Charles) a lifetime friendship that disregards the external society but comforts and encourages your innest soul, and (Marcy) a chance of giving and caring for the weaker and the younger. These desires die hard. I found it extremely touching when Dr. Rosen said to Alicia (Mr. Nash's wife), "imagine ... they have been your best friends, now they are not dead, they are not gone, but worse, they have never been...", and when Nash told Alicia, "sometimes I really miss talking to him [Charles]". The fact that Nash has a loving wife from the very beginning and an academic recognition in the end actually made his transition to the "real world much easier, as he satisfied some of the desires in an alternative way, imagine other schizophrenia patients who have nothing to hang on to in their "real world". The first half of the movie is wisely tricky, the second is exceptionally powerful, and the music is extraordinary.
 A beautiful mind is a heartfelt rendering of what would otherwise have just been another biography.  It allows the viewer to appreciate the complexities of schitzophrenia, but achieves this without cramming a medical textbook down the viewer's throat.This may all be largely due to Ron Howard's directing, and the great performances by Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connely, Ed Harris, and the whole gamut of supporting actors and actresses.  However, praise should be given the entire cast and crew for making us appreciate that poeple struggling with schitzophrenia, or any disease for that matter, are not that entriely different from everybody else.  They are ordinary people, just like us, struggling everyday to make the best out of what they have.
 My husband and I see a lot of movies, and we have very divergent tastes, but after seeing this film for the first time we were blown away and agreed that it was the best film either of us had ever seen. Russell Crowe performance was brilliant, the story was powerful, human, absorbing, astounding and as big as the starry night sky Crowe's character reveals to Jennifer Connelly's.
 I must live in a cave, because I managed to see this movie without knowing too much about it in advance - a strategy I highly recommend to anyone not already familiar with the plot.   There are a few things I can tell you that won't give anything away.  This is the first time I've ever understood the attraction of Russell Crowe.  It's not his looks, it's that he's smart sexy - amply on display through the movie.  His performance is consistently spectacular, from the big moments to the small ones.  Jennifer Connelly gives a wonderfully balanced performance as his loyal wife.  Not too sappy, not too rigid.  Director Ron Howard has done a great job of taking the outline of Nash's story and turning into a compelling movie.   Stop reading right now and go see the movie.
  A Beautiful Mind  is a film that may take you by surprise due to the fact that it's excellence lives up to the high expectations that the hype surrounding it has created for it. I went in curious and excited, but wondering how a biopic could be that intriguing. What I found interesting about it is that I didn't know what part of the film to pay attention to
 This resulted in four well-deserved Academy Awards in 2002
 This moving, very stirring film required several viewings on my part.  First of all, I had to get over the disappointment that A BEAUTIFUL MIND beat out  The Fellowship of the Ring  as the Best Picture of 2001--a disappointment that created an inherent bias in my not-so-beautiful mind.  Second, all of the Hollywood embellishments in this film had to be dismissed as inconsequential to the overall magnitude of the story--a story about a very real man with a very real illness. And it is here--the story--that A BEAUTIFUL MIND excels.  The human mind is a complex, often unforgiving organ that tends to confuse its owner over what is real, and what is an illusion.  And thus the distinction between reality and illusion becomes blurred, a disturbing development that leads to complete dysfunction.  Princeton mathematician John Nash succumbed to the power of his mind to distort reality; the resulting battle to conquer his demons--aided by the unwavering support of a loving wife--is a compelling, wonderful story. Russell Crowe delivers a riveting performance, but needs to work on his West Virgina accent.  Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, and Ed Harris are sensational.  I'm still a little miffed that this film won Best Picture, but darn glad A BEAUTIFUL MIND is in my video collection. --D. Mikels
 I first saw this movie about five years ago. My wife had asked me to go see it with her. After we watched, I said to her, `I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say. She said, "Go ahead, honey. So I said to her, "I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie...... She says, "go on. "But I have it, too. She then says, "Well, we got to get you some help. The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half. I tell her that I can't last that long. I need to see someone right away. A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.  Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, "So what's bothering you? I tell him, "Oh, nothing really. (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.) My wife across the little room says, "You have to tell him everything, to get help. So I proceed to tell him, "I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things. They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family.  He says, "Oh, you must have a microchip in the back of your head.  I exclaim back, "No, no, that's not possible! I never had a chip operation... I have a tooth. It's in the back of my mouth. It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15. The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky. Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, "You got to keep going. I continued, "They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak. I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions.  The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards. He read me my rights, and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a 3-day involuntary commitment to get me medication and counseling. I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, "They are going to help you, but you have to let them. So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours. When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors. The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions. They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me). My wife was an angel.  This movie, that "3-day commitment", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have every happened in my life. This movie gave me the courage to seek help. It is hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years. But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease. But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective. It reminds me of the movie, "Predator". And it terrifies me.  Other people here have commented that the film does not portray the actual life of John Nash. Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see. There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story. And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.  One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, "Emily Rose. Talk about a farce! Oh, this movie was "INSPIRED BY the life of Emily Rose. And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession. That was cute. And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum depression).  I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness. Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years. I hope and pray for this everyday. I'm sure John does, too. For the sake of our children.  You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness. It is simply too horrific to talk about. You can take my word for it. I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools. Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it. As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.  To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you. Thank you for saving my life, literally. I really appreciate that. So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story. You have helped us all. You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it. As you already know.
 It's easy to be critical of the portrayal of schizophrenia if you understand it well, or if you are schizophrenic yourself.  However, I know little about the subject.  Further, I know very little about John Nash's life.  Therefore, any criticism related to either I must ignore because of the beauty of the movie and the triumph of the character. John Nash is one of those very rare people on spaceship earth
 While "A Beautiful Mind is a bibliography movie to some folks and a love one to some others, I view it as an art movie. It is a powerful story of mental struggle and spiritual triumph (or survival, or concession, depending on how you look at it). The three delusional images Nash has reflect three basic desires in one's real life --(Parcher) a grand mission toward the society and history that makes one feel self-important and competent, (Charles) a lifetime friendship that disregards the external society but comforts and encourages your innest soul, and (Marcy) a chance of giving and caring for the weaker and the younger. These desires die hard. I found it extremely touching when Dr. Rosen said to Alicia (Mr. Nash's wife), "imagine ... they have been your best friends, now they are not dead, they are not gone, but worse, they have never been...", and when Nash told Alicia, "sometimes I really miss talking to him [Charles]". The fact that Nash has a loving wife from the very beginning and an academic recognition in the end actually made his transition to the "real world much easier, as he satisfied some of the desires in an alternative way, imagine other schizophrenia patients who have nothing to hang on to in their "real world". The first half of the movie is wisely tricky, the second is exceptionally powerful, and the music is extraordinary.
 I thoroughly enjoyed 'A Beautiful Mind.' It's one of those very rare movies made for an audience of reasonably mature and intelligent adults as opposed to low IQ inner-city gangbangers with a mental age of around 14 who seem to be the target audience of most Hollywood fare today.  The plot is different and holds our interest to the end; the camera work is technical perfection with none of that faddish hand-held camera nonsense; the Princeton settings are gorgeous; and the actors are without exception excellent, with Russell Crowe giving a sensitive and totally convincing performance as the brilliant and afflicted mathematician, John Nash, a man suffering from schizophrenia.  But what exactly is schizophrenia? According to Wikipedia, it is "a mental disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. It most commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations, paranoid or bizarre delusions, or disorganized speech and thinking with significant social or occupational dysfunction (http
 Una de las mejores peliculas que he visto! Nos presenta la vida de una persona extremadamente inteligente, que padece de una enfermedade mental. Se ve por todo lo que tiene que pasar atravez de su vida, y como afecta no solo a el sino tambien a los que lo rodean.
 From the perspective of the working mathematician, the good news is that a major feature film blockbuster was made about a mathematician. The bad news is that the major reason it was made was due to his mental illness. John Nash is a mathematician whose work in the theory of games won him a Nobel Prize in economics, and yet he suffers from mental illness that was so severe that he sometimes literally lived in another world.  Mathematically speaking, the producers do as good a job as possible of explaining the significance of Nash's work. Using the model of lecherous graduate students cooperating in an attempt to woo the sexual favors of a beautiful woman made for a very funny scene. Some of the scenes are very intense, and there are times when you really do not know what is portraying accurate events and what is simply due to the actions of Nash's mind. Russell Crowe is superb as John Nash, he plays all scenes very well, especially those where he is acting out the fantasies.  As is always the case, the producers use a great deal of poetic license in portraying the actual events of Nash's life. Nevertheless, there are some scenes that are very accurate and that math professors can relate to. The later scenes of him in a classroom and when his colleagues pay tribute to him are very touching and do accurately portray the life of a professor. I feel that all mathematicians should watch this film. Not for the mathematics or the history, but for the realization that the public will appreciate a good story, even if it involves a schizophrenic mathematical genius. Charles Ashbacher, co-editor, Journal of Recreational Mathematics
 Russell Crowe goes over and above any performance of his to date.  Ron Howard directs what most certainly is his best movie to date.  This real-life story of a genius who lived in two worlds, his own, and the real world.  This story is very interesting because it throws you for a loop, kind of in the same genre of the sixth-sense.  Any more information would really ruin the movie for those who have not seen it.  This movie does not dissapoint, and deserves the awards it has already won.  In an era of low-rent movie making, this movie stands high in every aspect.
 Russell Crowe stars as the mathematician John F. Nash. John isn't social or popular and he's definitely not a ladies man, but he is gifted with a brilliant mind. He solves equation after equation, looking for an original idea to become well known and respected. He is hired by William Parcher (Ed Harris) to break codes during a Russian conspiracy. Everything is going well until the doctors make a shocking discovery that makes him realize he is suffering from schizophrenia. His wife, Alicia (Jennifer Connelly) is there with him through the hospitalizations and the obstacles he has to overcome. A Beautiful Mind is thought provoking, intense and the acting and writing is superb. It won four Oscars, including best picture, best director (Ron Howard), best screenplay (Akiva Goldsman) and best supporting actress (Jennifer Connelly). Although, the Academy made a mistake by not giving the best actor award to Russell Crowe. He was outstanding in this film. Jennifer Connelly's performance was also excellent and very deserving of an Oscar. She was exquisite. You can truly see her struggle to help her husband, to raise her son and to stay sane herself.  A Beautiful Mind is the best movie of 2001. It will have you crying, laughing and cheering. Highly recommended!
 This is one of the many delightful Shaw Brothers films featuring MEGA-STAR Ivy Ling Po! Life doesn't get better than the opportunity to see her movies!
 This film is strange. It retraces Mark Chapman's motives that lead to his killing of John Lennon in 1980. You are invited into a maniac's head to witness thoughts that are begotten in the depths of his mind. All spoken words and verbalized ideas that are put into the main character's mouth actually belong to Chapman himself
 C'mon and ride on the Blame Train, shall we? Was it the mental hospital that evidently released a criminally insane Chapman into society just 3 years before he killed Lennon despite the fact that he was diagnosed with severe schizophrenia? And hey, why didn't the Honolulu Scientology Center involve the cops when he was harassing them with death threats just 4 months before he shot Lennon? That would have at least initiated some sort of paper trail. Was it the mother who raised her son as a `best friend' (i.e. couldn't care less about him) instead of son? Perhaps a father who couldn't be bothered unless it was to push his face into a plate of spaghetti? Look, I place most of the blame on the wife. She knew what her husband was up to, knew he was flying to NYC to kill John Lennon but never told anyone even though she knew he had a gun and stayed up all night listening to Beatles albums plotting against John, going on tirades about what a phony he was for owning prize Holstein cows. I would have had him reading 'Catcher in the Rye' in the state hospital quicker than you could say `annulment'. I could go on and on but why? See the film yourself, I'm giving it 5 stars. Finally, as important and influential as John Lennon is in our culture, for 25 years (since 4th grade, people) I've felt a lot of anguish around his passing. Even though I'm very spiritual and I know he was, too. This film goes a long way in explaining where MDC was at when this horrible act of violence took place. Now I'm not angry anymore.
 as a lennon fan, i was extremely reluctant at first to see this film.  However after some prodding by beatles friends of mine who had seen the film, i decided to rent it and was astounded with how brilliant the film was.  Everything from the casting to the directing was top notch.  I really enjoyed jonas ball as well as the slew of impressive supporting actors who lended their keen talents to the screen.  To me personally, aside from Jonas, who is fantastic, I found the psychologist and the taxi driver to be extremely talented supporting acts as well.  All in all I found the Killing of John Lennon to be an extroardinary film and I recommend it highly.
 The film begins in September of 1980 when Chapman discovers a book in the local library.  It ends with his sentencing in August of 1981 for the murder of John Lennon.  Through it all, it is artful and brilliantly done.  The music adds to the madness that is Chapman's mind and is sometimes eerily inappropriate (such as the Christmas music playing in the background as Chapman is being interrogated at the police station after his arrest).  There weren't a lot of witnesses to the crime and nearly 30 years later, only a few interviews from those who were at the scene.  This film helps put the pieces together and makes you hate Chapman as he takes pride in himself for becoming the hottest story in the city.
 Anybody who loved john Lennon shoul watch this movie.  It's a very close reanactment of the events that occured.  I also suggest the bookAlbert Goldman "The Lives of John Lennon This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, particularly because I recall the times and the story. It really surprised me how well done it was.
 I like this movie. It's a different kind of a western.  It doesn't have a religious hook; it isn't about the big land baron against the little guy; it isn't about the railroad coming in and taking away everyone's land.  It's just good old fashioned black hat/white hat good versus evil, sort of a concept movie about good and bad and how far the limits can be pushed with each.  I didn't really care for Fred MacMurray in his part; he didn't seem to be in tune with his acting, to me.  Robert Vaughn makes the perfect psycho.  He's a real nut case in this film, a poison pill, playing the ego all the way. He's fun to watch, and James Drury (aka The Virginian)plays a nice doctor caught up in the small town drama.  It's a lot of good acting and good storyline. Also, the man that plays Floyd the Barber from the Andy Griffith show is in this movie, and it is nice to see such a contrast in acting in this gentleman. If you like Westerns, this one is a go.
 when i was a pre-teen i watched this movie at my local theater. i remember having the s--- scared out of me by this movie. having watched it recently it's not quite as scary but is still a very good movie. i hope the 3d effect was better at the theater because they are pathetic on tv.
 surreal, dark, awesome!  love this movie, wish it was available on DVD!  D
 My brother and I went to see this in Ithaca, Ny when it was released in the local theater.  I was 12 and he was 9.  We never saw the end of the movie.  We left the theater and ran home as fast as we could.  I doubt it would hold a candle to Alien which today I still can not watch all the way thru.  Of course, I would have to hide behind the couch during parts of the Wizard of Oz.  This movie made my Mom thankful for bleach.
 Jose sings this work by Ariel Ramirez with the passion he puts into all his singing. He portrays the emotions that I consider are required for this type of song. As always he portrays his professionalism but also the sensitivity needed and was an excellent choice by the composer Ariel Ramirez to sing his works. I would recommend this DVD to anyone whether a fan of Jose Carreras or someone who just loves beautiful music. The 2nd work on the DVD is also excellent and once again Jose Carreras gives his all.
 For lovers of one of the most amazing pieces of music ever written (in my humble opinion), namely Ariel Ramirez's Misa Criolla, sung by the performer for whom the composer had in mind (Jose Carreras), this DVD is a must. Adding the visual dimension to the original release by Philips in 1987 greatly enhances one's involvement in this amazing native Argentinian Mass. The performance itself is a beautiful alternative to the Philips recording with faster pace and even more joyful involvement by all the performers. If you happen not to be Catholic, no worries; this is music worth enjoying for its own sake. I do have one criticism. The sound and video recording quality is poor. However, I would still recommend purchasing for it's once-in-a-lifetime performance by Carreras, a voice made for this music and which was never equaled again in his life.
 This dvd is of course a must have for any Lucky  Dube collector, the vhs version has been out for  quite some time, you get the full effect of a  Lucky Dube performance as the sound quality and picture have been enhanced  greatly in the DVD format! It's a pleasure to be the first to review this  DVD as South African artist Lucky Dube is one of the stellar performers on  the music scene today as his  music with a message  not only  reaches the reggae audience, but crosses over to appeal to a large and  varied audience worldwide. my advice- GET THIS ONE AND TURN IT WAY  UP!  5 stars!
 ...captured on tape, period !! Well yeah I'm totally biased because Lucky Dube(dj&uacute;bei as he's introduced to the crowd)is one of my fav reggae artists, an so far the only one who has produced a concert film that is actually a joy to watch, as oppossed to most of their more onsecratedcolleagues which are worth a listen but whose canned concerts made me fall asleep.I digitally captured my VHS for eternity when the tape was still pristine, with amazing results. Lucky -for those who are unfamiliar to him- is one of those reggae underdogs you either love or hate. To begin with he's from South Africa, not Jamaica, and his style is mostly soft, keyboard-laden, poppy reggae as oppossed to the more radical ootstyles.  The performance is simply unbelievable. The whole band is clad in military surplus camo fatigues and shirts, maybe to make a strong, contrasting statement with the peace message they convey. Lyrics deal mostly with apartheid and peace. The gig is shot in a huge, crowded venue and people are totally captivated; a great atmos. Lucky's small, caressing voice is purposely mixed in low, which is a bless coz you can crank the sound up and feel the instrumentation without feeling shouted at, as is the case on many concert tapes. The bass groove is potent but purposely not overpowering and the drummer performs a combination of hi-hat and rimhots that is simply to die for. The guitar is not always heard when seen, but it screams during the solos.  Picture 
 Thanx for the dvd . It was ALL that I expected and more. Though a little sad when you see him ALIVE doing it on stage like we know he's done many times before ! I was one of many who actually got the chance to see LUCKY live and direct when he came to ATLANTA,GA  durung the 90's . This dvd kinda recaptures that night for me, as i'm sure it does for anyone else who's been blessed to see this great man perform .
 This DVD is a must have for true Reggae fans. This DVD captures the King of African Reggae, Lucky Dube, live on stage at his very best. I enjoy all the tracks, but the ones that keep me watching the movie over and over are
 I have never been one of those viewers who are into serial killer films. I find most of them sickening and quite a few have a bit more gore than I like in my films--and not enough suspense. There are the few exceptions
 I can see how someone could argue that this is a knock off of movies like silence of the lambs and se7en. but I thought it was still a pretty cool cop movie. The acting is very solid, most of the writing was good too, I geuss I didn't quite buy the ending but still if you like movies like this, you should give it a try. I also enjoyed the little salute to pulp fiction before the end credits and how you didnt know why the movies called "H until then. essentially this is a cool flick that i really enjoyed, but i can understand the other viewers arguement as well, I geuss I tend to like slow paced movies more than other people.
 H is not your typical serial-killer movie. While it does have loads of police procedural / cat-and mouse fun, it also has a nice X-FILES sort of vibe going on. There's a semi-paranormal aspect that adds quite a bit to the film's overall atmosphere. I never figured out what was going on until the finale! Excellent twists and bizarre situations help to keep H interesting all the way through. Highly recommended...
 To describe a perfect review would give away far too much about the movie itself. I will leave it simply at this
 This film is also one of my favorite Christmas movies of all time.  A German mother takes her son to the winter cabin to escape the violence of the Battle of the Bulge. A small group of Americans find their way to the cabin with a wounded soldier and are forced to leave their weapons outside. When Nazis arrive they believe an axe is a rifle and surrender to it. They also leave their weapons outside and all sit to a Christmas dinner no one had planned! Even enemies can become friends.  This is a perfect Family film, a great addition to any war collection, and a perfect addition to a Christmas collection.  If you liked this full length film, another film short you will enjoy is My Christmas Soldier.
 I saw this movie on TV a long time ago and I always wanted to see it again.  I found it at Amazon and bought it and I find it to be an instant 'classic'.  The performances are real and the story unique yet believeable.  Its a shame that a great movie like this doesn't get more attention. I thought there were two scenes in the movie that I didn't see on the DVD.  I could be wrong, but maybe there is a unedited version out there somewhere?  One scene I remember is where one German and one American soldier are outside talking about their lives before the war.  And I thought at the end of the movie there was a follow up of what happened to each individual after the war.  I may be crazy but I thought these two scenes were in the movie, but are not. Enjoy!
 I saw this several years ago and liked it but forgot about it. I had the good fortune to catch it this past December on the Hallmark channel and just had to purchase it. The acting is very good and believeable and the story? Well let's just say it's one for the ages. My wife loved it and I know the rest of my family will also. It's amazing that a good, quality movie such as this does not get the recognition it deserves.
 I saw this movie on television and knew that I had to purchase it for my mother.  She grew up with her mom, my grandmother, singing "Silent Night in German.  There is a beautiful version of this song in the movie.  The song, along with the very positive message of the movie is very worthwhile.
 This could have easily been a hokey, unbelievable movie, but it's not.  Every single actor in here is really good and there is enough drama and angst to make the characters believable. I strongly recommend, though maybe not for kids under 13 as there are some mild curse words and a bloody wound scene.
 I'm often a little skeptical of Christmas movies because they often seem either meaningless or too sugary. This is an amazing movie! The acting is wonderful and the message is timeless. If I could have given it 10 stars I would have!
 This movie will be a Christmas tradition in our home for years to come. What an unbelievable story of courage, love and sacrafice.
 This is my favorite Christmas movie - it is not typical Christmas hype, just a great movie all in the family can enjoy together.  It takes place during WWII, the Battle of the Bulge, when a mother (Linda Hamilton) flees with her son to safety and hides out in a small cabin in the wilderness to avoid being captured by the Nazi's.  Soon there are both Americans and Germans invading her space to get out of the freezing cold and what transpires is captivating and moving. This all takes place during Christmas week.  Highly recommended. I just ordered a several copies for gifts. Even the price is right.
 This is a must see film of a mother and her son aiding injured American soldier and his buddies lost in a German forest during the closing days of World War II.  When a group of German officers and soliders arrive on the scene, there are brief, but sharp conflicts that soon disappear on Christmas Eve.  It is superbly produced film with excellent actors.  A highly recommended film that would be enjoyed during the holiday season.
 I loved this movie. I first saw it on TV and was thrilled to be able to add this to my Christmas collection. (Thank you Amazon). I have always admired Linda Hamilton's work whether it's a "kick**s character or the opposite end of the spectrum playing a very strong, loving and understanding German mother during World War II. I am not giving a long synopsis of the movie because since you are reading these reviews (prior to mine) you already know what the movie entails. This is just a short and sweet comment on a movie extremely well done and acted and one which will surely put you in the holiday spirit. A must see movie for the whole family. Enjoy!
 <a href="http
 This is a very  touching movie, Its about the war and on christmas day they became friends long enough to exchange gifts, Thanks to a women & her son. Remember our boys at war  its  very sad.( Pray for peace)
 This is my favorite Christmas movie, even if it is a was a war movie.  It shows how enemies can become friends.
 We really enjoyed this movie as we are history buffs.  This takes place in WW11 & we liked both the acting & the storyline.  I would recomend this to anyone & definately sends the Christmas message of getting along in the world.
 THIS IS BASED ON A TRUE EVENT DURING THE END OF WORLD WAR TWO, WELL DONE , NOT YOUR CORNY CHRISTMAS MOVIE, SAFE FOR FAMILY VIEWING, TOO.LINDA HAMILTON IS GREAT IN THE ONLY FEMALE IN THE MOVIE ,THIS WILL BE ONE OF THE GREAT CHRISTMAS MOVIES OF OUR TIME!
 This movie was for my daughter.  She watches this movie every year.  The movie arrived in great condition and we had no complaints.
 Wow, first viewed the movie on TV and waited for the DVD to come out. Now it's a Christmas tradition to watch along with our Charlie Brown Christmas Special.
 It was proof that kindness and loyalty can still be expressed during a difficult time and a good ending can result.  The  actors were excellent as well as the setting. It was inspiring to see that goodness does prevail during a most difficult time. It also contained just the right amount of humor.
 I happened on this movie on TV quite by accident, and was very surprised to find it very enjoyable and very heart warming. And the fact that is based on a true story makes it all the better. A little suspense, but it doesn't take away from the message of good will. Had to add it to my holiday DVD collection.
 A month before Christmas, we get out all our movies with Christmas in them and begin watching them on weekends.  This one has earned a place in our Christmas classics to watch every year.  The twists and turns in the story make this great literature.
 This is a wonderfully heartwarming story that will restore faith in humankind.  One of those "feel good movies that everyone should see!
 I have to say this film caught me by surprise and is one of my favorite horror films ever made.  The genius behind the film is the excellent writing that focuses on the depth of relationships between the characters.  As the film starts off, you get a glimpse of the various characters going through another day in their lives.  Meanwhile, you catch glimpses on the TVs in the background that something bad is beginning to happen in New York, but life goes on.  The spreading epidemic is nothing but background noise.  Needless to say, the situation spirals out of control and hits home as the tenants of the building fight for lives as the city falls apart around them.  I almost cried twice, but the end had me bawling (and I was not the only man in the theater who was reduced to tears, but the intense emotional climax of the film).  The writer/star of the film wrote a prior film about the unspoken love between men and that theme returns in this film as a gay tenant struggles with unrequited love.  I have rarely seen a gay character handled so sensitively in popular cinema- much less a horror flick.  These are very real characters, not a bunch of models, scientists, sheriffs, or other horror cliches.  Don't miss this movie!
 The After Dark series is a great collection for horror-flick lovers out there.  All the films have good stories, and although most had low budgets, I think it adds to the appeal.  There are a lot of great, gritty horror scenes in this collection.  I particularly enjoyed "Mulberry Street which has a young, up-and-coming actress named Kim Blair.  Blair gives a chiling performance fighting off the infestation that plagues Mulberry Street until its haunting, climactic ending.  She is defintiely a rising star in the industry and I hope to catch her in future releases.  Defintiely worth the money!
 This movie has all the elements of a zombie movie, but with rat people instead of zombies, and it is fantastic. I really enjoyed the small things about the movie like how all the actors were just ordinary people and not models flown in from California, it gave the movie a bit more realism. Like I said earlier, it plays out like a zombie apocalypse, but with much more agile opponents, that raises the fear factor tenfold. As cheesy as the movie sounded it really was pulled off incredibly well, it was dark, bloody and explicitly somber, with an ending that left me begging for more. The best of Horrorfest '07? I would have to say so.
 I just pre-ordered this item; I'm so glad it's coming out on DVD. Saw this film at the Tribeca Film Festival and loved it. It's smart, witty and devilishly creepy with a great script and an excellent cast full of groovy New York character actors. The director and production team pull off an impressive feat of presenting a slick, polished film with fully-realized characters and spine-tingling creepy crawlies, all on what seems to have been a modest budget. Good job, folks! Can't wait to see what they do next.
 Let's admit it - After Dark Horrorfest FIlms are weak - there are not many worth seeing for free let alone buying one.  BUT Mulberry St.  is the exception.  This was a fantastic film and with what it lacked in budget, it made up for in strong casting, character development and direction.  This is a truly solid film, with a lot more depth then you'd think you'd find in a horror film these days.  It has a humanistic element to it that the director and cast capture perfectly, which makes you care about the people on the screen and what's going on.  I am happy to have this film in my collection.
 This is one hell of a solid film. In fact this the film I'd kill for. This one has all the right story elements I crave and a gritty, realistic style that doesn't try to fake.  The acting is solid for a bunch of unknowns, which is good as the director really cared enough about the story to give us the best of the best. The story is well-thought out and incredibly creepy. I once had a dream about rats and this is like that nightmare only ten fold.  I love the suspenseful pacing as when the stuff hits the fan it goes into a frenzy! I love the music in the barroom when the rat people begin attacking, very wonderful and carefully timed moment in the film.  The story revolves around the tenants of Mulberry St. aparment complex scheduled to be torn down because of a big shot developer in town. The big thing I noticed is that the developer is acknowledged, but not enough to be distracting like a random scene where he is acting villianously. This would've killed the momentum here, as the story is about the people of Mulberry St., not the developer. So future director's please note you don't have to over do the villian, just make him present.  Mulberry Street makes you care for it's people as it's everyday Joe Lunchbox, your friends and neighbors, that dysfunctional family down the street. Average people suddenly thrust into this out-of-control situation slowly building in the background. What's great about the film is the tension is like a rubber band, when it breaks, it explodes in your face and all hell breaks loose.  The film has a very unique look to it as well, ranging from the artsy cover-your-hind-end shots to build up the story, to the gritty-down-in-the-trenches-filming-a-war shots that accent the action. Mulberry Street has atmosphere! Oh boy does it have atmosphere and does it play it up well. It's creepy and gritty, then it's sunshine and blue skies, alternating to make the horror all the more creepy.  One of my favorite scenes is the when the daughter is returning from Iraq and she's running on foot through the park. The playground is obviously in shambles, hinting at something terrible happening without a dead body in sight, making the panic more believable when you hear the distant screams.  And while you rarely see the monsters, you know they're there, hiding in the walls and crawling through the roof (one instance a chimney).  In all I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FILM! Absolutely! Anyone who is pursuing a career in film should sit up and take notes from this film, because this is how it's done!  50stars out of 10.
 MULBERRY ST. is about what happens when a plague strikes NYC. However, this is no ordinary disease. This rat-borne illness turns anyone bitten by the nasty rodents into quickly-mutating, vicious, cannibalistic, rat-humanoids! No one is safe as the plague spreads throughout the city. A small group of apartment building tenants must make their final stand against the marauding hordes of murderous mutants! MULBERRY ST. is a micro-budget movie that actually works. Costing far less than $100K, the acting, writing, and inventive camera work combine to make it loads more fun than most zillion-dollar hollywood epics. The strong, interesting characters and atmosphere remind me of classics of old like BASKET CASE, STREET TRASH, or NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD. The closest contemporary work would probably be FEAST. If your taste runs toward the ghoulish / apocalyptic, then you'll be in rat heaven w/ this creeper!...
 Speaking as a rat lover, I have to give this movie five stars for originality if nothing else. I just wanted to open up my review by saying that, mainly because it amuses me.  Anyway, this DVD is part of 2007's '8 Films to Die For' series, and I've been quite excited about all of them, even though I was not fortunate enough to catch them in theatres this year. For those not in the know, they are eight indie horror flicks with a limited run pushed by After Dark Films. However, they also tend to be 'love it' or 'hate it' films. Myself, I fall into the former camp, and in general love horror movies. Even the bad ones are enjoyable to watch...  This particular one was actually quite original. The long and the short of it... a plague of were-rats running amok in New York city. Like I said, its quite an original concept, which really got me excited. And it did a fun job capturing the atmosphere of urban New York. While it may not stand out as a masterpiece of cinema, it was a very enjoyable movie, which is all that really matters in my opinion. Its definately worth checking out for the horror buff, and it has enough gore to keep anyone happy. Plus rats... errr, rat-people at least. Also, scream queen Debbie Rochon makes a cameo as a reporter, for horror buffs like myself.  As an added bonus, like the other 8 Films to Die For, comes with episodes of the 2007 'Search for Miss Horror Fest' contest. Not really relevant to the film in any meaningful way, but still fun to watch. Especially if you like reality TV meets half-naked Goth chick horror fans (and what red-blooded man wouldn't, I ask).  So I definately recommend buying this DVD. I've been making my way through the other outings from 2007 pretty steadily, and have liked them all so far (and am eagerly awaiting Frontiers). But this one was especially enjoyable... Then again, I AM a rat lover, so I guess I'm biased.
 This movie is one of the best zombie movies out there!!! I think every zombie movie collector should have it!!! If you are into great ironic or tragic endings like  on night of the living dead, then you should get this one! highly recomended!
 If you've read the plot then you are probably thinking the same thing I was, "Rat-People??  "Mulberry Street was quite surprisingly the best "Horrorfest movie I've seen yet and proved to be one entertaining flick. The story was good, the characters were good, the budget was good, the picture quality was good, and so on and so on.  Downsides- In two brief scenes the effects crew chose to use CGI fire. CGI fire always, and I do mean always, looks corny.  Upsides- The film gives a lot more then expected. The "Rat-People actually looked very decent. They kind of resemble what would be the love child of a zombie who "mated with one of the ugly vampires from, "From Dusk Till Dawn.  If you are a fan of viral outbreak/zombie (*think "28 Days Later")/apocalyptic films then you will definitely enjoy this one. "Mulberry Street has definitely set the bar for future "Horrorfest films.
 This movie is pretty good. a diffrent take on a creature/zombie movie. i'm really not sure which one it really is zombie or creature. but i do think that it was pretty good. these b rated horror films are great. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 This is one of my favorite films, and it isn't the horror part of it.  My wife hates horror films, but I had to get her to watch it.  She really enjoyed it.  The story and characters have been described before so I won't.  But what I had to talk about is that this movie doesn't descend into the depths of humanity. It goes for the goodness of people.  Sounds a little strange, what I'm trying to say is that it isn't like the 'Night of the Living Dead' with the man hiding his family in the cellar and fighting off the other people.  The people here are neighbors and they act like it.  They try to help each other, even if it cost them their lives.  The people are real, with faults and all, but there is no greedy or cowardly idiot like almost every horror film has.  It was one of the first After Dark Horrorfest movies and it's why I try to pick them up every year.  Every year there is a lot of crap, but there are also a couple of gems like this, such as 'Lake Mungo' or 'The Abandoned'.
 Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) loves to swim.  During the 60's, he joined his schools swim team, which created problems.  Jim is African American, and the white competitors in North Carolina weren't happy to be competing against him.  10 years later, Jim has landed in Philadelphia.  Despite his credential to teach math, the only job he can get is cleaning out the recreation center in the poor part of town.  It's scheduled to be torn down soon.  The only person inside the building is maintenance man Elston (Bernie Mac).  The closest anyone else comes to it is playing basketball outside.  That changes one day when the basketball hoops are taken down in the march toward tearing down the center.  As five of the guys stand there fuming about the loss of the hoops, Jim invites them in to use the pool.  Slowly, Jim gains their trust and begins to teach them the fundamentals of swimming.  They gain enough skill to ask to go to a meet, hoping to meet women.  But do five men and one woman really have the skills to compete against all male teams who have been training for years?  Okay, let's get the obvious out of the way first.  This is an underdog sports movie featuring kids from a bad neighborhood.  Picturing every cliche that normally brings to mind?  Yep, they're here.  But, is this movie worth seeing?  Absolutely.  As is always needed for a film like this to succeed, you need to become attached to the characters.  Jim is a sympathetic character from the start, and the youth he's working with grow on you quickly as well.  The result is a movie that truly does inspire.  To top is off, the acting is great.  Terrence Howard is absolutely believable as Jim.  His drive to reach the kids comes through in every scene.  I'm not usually a Bernie Mac fan, but he did a great job as well with a part that is mostly series with a few comic bits thrown in.  And the kids were all great.  I do have a couple complaints.  The minor one is the needless slowing down of the climax.  The two swimmers in the final race are slowed way down to build suspense.  And I do mean way down.  It was beyond laughable.  My bigger complaint was the language.  Considering the PG rating, I was surprised by the handful of "s words that littered the film.  Not as surprising were the few racial epithets used.  Unfortunately, they fit the time period and setting of the film.  This film isn't highly original, but it is inspiring.  And if that's what you want to watch, you could do much worse then this great film.
 My mother was so stubborn about me seeing this movie.  From the looks of it, all I saw was another sports movie where the coach teaches some young, troubled kids how to find something productive to do with their time.  But when I sat down to watch it, I understood why she wanted me to see this movie so much. What an excellent movie!  Not only did it deal with sports and troubled kids, it dealt with male guidance, race issues, segregation, and the strength of young men trying to fight against seeking into dangerous backgrounds to be productive parts of society.  Every single person in this movie deserved the part that he or she played.  Terrence Howard was outstanding as usual.  Bernie Mac was about as charismatic as always.  I loved all of the young swimmers' parts, especially the stubborn and quickest one and Diana Ross' son too.  The dialogue, the pace, and the plot kept me interested throughout the entire movie.  I talked to the screen on more than a few occasions.
 I showed Pride to my high school students, a first viewing for most of us.  Actors, directing, movie set--action, drama, healing--a heady combination in the portrayal based on a true story that caused chill bumps, laughter, and tears among us all. I highly recommend it to young adults--and older ones as well.
 I love, love, love swimming.  I love it so much that I put my children on swim teams for 5 years, even when the passion for swimming was clearly mine, not theirs.  You don't go into swimming for the camaraderie, or the glory. You go into swimming because you can't not swim.  The pool draws you.  Pride captured that feeling. This movie was beautiful.  The way the swimmers move through the water, the way the water drips off their hands, it really communicates a love of swimming. The determination, the perseverance, all because of a need to master the water--it's in this movie.  It also mentions the black thing. That thing that's kinda lurking in the background when you're the only speck in the room.  Jim Ellis didn't go into a popular black sport. In the 60s, he was the only black person on his college swim team, and sometimes was unable to compete because of it.  He didn't stop swimming because of unpleasant experiences.  He couldn't. The pool kept drawing him in.  And he shared his passion with some kids.  He took what he had in his hand, and he made a difference in the lives of others.  Other characters in the movie didn't understand this drive, but it was infectious.  Pretty soon everyone was cheering for these people--they recognized purpose when they saw it.  And purpose brought with it hope.  And hope brought success.  After a while, the movie transcended swimming, and it became about a community coming together. And that's why it's one of the 7 happiest black movies of all time.
 A very outstanding movie. It is a inspiritual for our today childrens that is growing up in the inner city. It tell a story that you can succeed in life even if you live in the inner city. It only take one person to mentor and change your life.
 A fabulously made movie. Acting is outstanding and the story line could not be pertrade any better. Simply outstanding.
 Great motivational movie.  Similar to Rmembering the Titans and Coach Carter.  The movie kept our interest and was enjoyable!
 I have seen a lot of these types of films throughout my life. Where the odds are against someone and it seems impossible to accomplish a goal. I've seen it in kids movies, comedy, and even more serious ones like this one. To be honest they get boring after a while because you know that there are really only two outcomes, they win or they lose. Pride kills that feeling I had and made me feel pretty good. It gives you an amazing feeling watching it, I believe that feeling is pride. The film starts 10 years earlier at a very important swim meet. Terrence Howard plays Jim Ellis, a young man that just wants to compete. At the meet Jim is told by his coach that the other teams and judges don't want him to swim because he is African American. His coach supports him and tells him to swim anyway but the teams still refuse to swim and he has no competition.  Now it is 1974 in Philadelphia and even after finishing college Jim is turned down for jobs he's qualified for. After a long frustrating job hunt Jim accepts a job cleaning up the Philadelphia Department of Recreation so it can be closed down in a few months. There he meets janitor Elston (Bernie Mack) who is very close to the building having been there when it was opened many years ago. Instead of tearing the building down Jim ends up really cleaning it up, even the swimming pool. The two become good friends after a while and accomplish a great thing. Jim runs into some kids who have athletic potential and some funny jokes as well. The kids just play basketball all day but now their rim is being taken down because the center is closing down.  On a very hot day Jim lets them in to swim and cool off but they got a lot more than that. Jim coaches the kids on to become great swimmers and even break the same racial barrier that he suffered 10 years ago. Because there are so many characters it's a bit hard to explain everyone without making this a very long review. What I will say is that each character will definitely get to you. This is a true story that is great to see on screen. A few actors really stuck out to me, of course Kimberly Elise was great and Bernie Mack wasn't just doing comedy. Bernie did a great job in showing his love for the Rec Center and also the kids. Evan Ross showed great potential playing a character that really isn't easy. I understand that Terrence Howard got nominated for awards for Hustle & Flow but this is the film he deserves those for and I hope he gets them.  The casting period was perfect; all of these actors did a great job. It's easy to take a star and fault the film because there have been so many like it before it but I won't take that star. What you'll be watching it for is to get that feeling it gives you when you see what Jim Ellis does. To see how he changed something that was dying into something that creates amazing swimmers to this day and even one that is going to the Olympics. The DVD had great quality and pretty good extras. I'd recommend this to anyone and everyone; it's a great movie that has the right title.
 Based on a true story, in 1973 Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) was just out of college looking for work as a math teacher. Jim loved to swim and was an excellent swimmer. However, as the only black swimmer on his college team, Jim encountered discrimination from other teams at swim meets. After being turned down for a teaching job at a private school in Philadelphia, Jim needs money, and he takes a temporary job packing up items at a rundown recreation center that is about to be demolished. Jim finds the pool and brings the pool back to life. Elston (Bernie Mac) the custodian for many years thinks Jim is crazy. Jim thinks he can help some of the kids in the neighborhood by forming the city's first African-American swim team and compete in the state championship meet. Maybe he can even save the P.D.R. (Philadelphia Department of Recreation) center from being torn down. PRIDE stands out as one of the best. It is a beautiful movie and well-developed homage to a very worthy man and coach.
 I loved this movie, because it not only showed us in a positive light (a young, college-educated, African-American man who comes back to his community and ends up affecting change in a way no one would've thought of), but it helped to buck an old stereotype
 The only bad thing about this movie is that it could have been longer and gone into more detail. I never saw this movie in theaters because I thought that it would be a real sleeper, boy was I wrong! It was very good and a true story on top of that. I highly recommend this one.
 There are actually two stories in this movie, one told and one untold.  The first thing I noticed was that, even though he'd earned a degree in mathematics, Coach was willing to take any job he could to get started in the work world.  He didn't hold out for some prestige mathematics position.  Then, he proved all those potential employers who rejected him wrong by making a genuine success of the lowly job he did get.  In the end, he never used his mathematics degree in the typical way.  After that, the story is about taking some unruly ghetto boys (and later also a girl) and turning them into a successful swim team.  This is a very inspiring story, with a very realistic portrayal of ghetto teens, especially black teens.  The racial element is very subtly and wisely depicted, Also, the story is full of properly depicted traditional values.  The only element that I noticed was that Coach lied about having been arrested to get his job.  However, he did come clean later.  This is one movie that traditional values families can not only feel safe in showing their older children, it is one they should seek out to show it to them.
 What a great well rounded movie.LOVED the inclusion of the female swimmer role!Will watch again!
 It came to me wrapped like brand new even though it said used very happy with it I will buy again from this place
 This film was good.  The PDR and background story were excellent to see and learn.  The main character definitely overcame adversity.  I think some of the characters could have acted better.  But most of the actors were (I believe) new and mostly unknowns.
 The DVD was very interesting, never a dull moment!  Being that it was based upon truth, it was "history for me and it gave me the felling of being very proud of the accomplishment of the individuals that actually lived this story.  I watched the movie 3 times because it was so moving!
 This is one of my favorite movies. i saw it first at school and had to have a copy. I watch it it every week.
 Good move and what a great story about people coming together to make thier community better for all, We should all take a leason from this story.
 I really liked this movie.  It is one that the whole family should sit down and watch together.  I didn't know anything about this movie until I watched it.  It is great to learn about African American Men that did some good in their lives to help young African American Men get ahead and do good.
 The video is just awesome, inspritional and motivating. The fact that the story is based on true events support makes it very encouraging. The dialogue is a bit weak though.........  The acting was just superb......
 The product arrived in four days. The movie was brand new as said in description. My wife and I had an awesome night watching a great movie.AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Pride is an absolutely amazing film and I am ashamed at myself for not having viewed it sooner. The veteran actors (Terrence Howard and Kimberly Elise) are incredible -- their simple 'being' tells a story. I love that the film was also full of 'new' actors -- wonderful faces with incredible acting skills. Very well written and directed story. While the story line is nothing new, I was surprisingly impressed by how wonderfully the story unfolds. Those who liked the Great Debaters will most certainly enjoy Pride. This film was sorely under-appreciated by main stream media.  I was skeptical of watching the film b/c I figured 'same story...different cast,' while true -- the characters / actors are so gripping and the production is so beautiful that what was once 'same story...different cast' became 'brand spanking new and riveting.' I loved this film.
 She's happy so I am too - this came in the condition specified and realtively fast -- so we're both pleased.
 A BOY NAMED JIM ELLIS IN HIGH SCHOOH WAS ON THE SWIM TEAM, WAS BOOED BY THE AUDENCE BECAUSE HE WAS BLACK. WHEN HE WAS OLDER HE WAS LOOKING FOR A JOB, THEY WERE VERY FEW AVAILABLE. HOWEVER THERE WAS ONE AT A RUNDOWN RECREATION CENTER FOR YOUTH. THEY WERE GOING TO CLOSE IT DOWN HE FOUND THAT THERE WAS A SWIMMING POOL, HE CLEANED IT, FILLED IT, AND BEGAN TO SWIM IN IT EVERY DAY. BEFORE LONG THEY THE CITY TOOK DOWN THE BASKETBALL HOOP IN FRONT OF THE BLDG. PLAYING BASKETBALL WAS THE ONLY THING THEY WERE DOING. THEY STARTED TO USE THE POOL.  THEY WERE TAUGHT THE DIFFERENT STROKES. THEY BEGAN TO COMPETE, BUT WERE BOOED BECAUSE THEY WERE BLACK SOMETHING THEY OVERCAME AND BEGAN TO PROVE THEY WERE BETTER THAN THE WHITES THAT BOOED THEM
 I do not live in america.. And i bought this dvd because i couldn't purchase it in the stores of my own country!! Then when i tried to watch it, it was blocked, because it is only for american laptops or dvd-players.. SO that really sucked.. I have seen the movie though, it is incredible good story!! But to bad i can't see it again!!!!!
 I loved this movie. Bernie Mack and Terrence Howard are excellent. The film is very touching and I cried during it. I'm glad it is a true story. Very inspirational! It shows that a person can overcome any obstacle if they are determined to do so.
 This is a good movie if you like to swim along with those who refuse to let their dreams die.  Very seldom do you experience African Americans who love to swim; let alone a movie depicting it.  Thank God for people like Jim Ellis and those who are blessed to have learned from him. Kudos to the late great Bernie Mac and Terrence Howard (who made you feel the passion and love Jim Ellis has for the sport).  I applaud the actors aquatic skills - very inspiring that they were actually swimming 
 PRIDE is a beautiful film that will uplift and inspire those who view it.  The acting and editing are both fabulous.  It shows the power that is discovered in the disadvantaged and in underdogs when someone believes in them.  I highly recommend this DVD.
 This was a very good movie. The story was inspirational and Benie Mac did well for me in a serious role. Terrence Howard is always brilliant in anything he does.
 From its beginning we suspect how "Pride will end. We are familiar with this kind of inspirational "feel-good film. On the other hand, this movie is based on the true-to-life experience of one Jim Ellis, who has taught swimming to countless African American teenagers for over 30 years in Philadelphia. The talented Terrence Howard, complete with a early 1970's hair style with sideburns, plays Ellis who, although he has a degree in math, can only get a job at a recreational center that is going down the tubes in Philadelphia. He convinces the neighborhood kids to learn to swim and coaches them in a swimming team that soon enters competitions, both of the local and state level.  Howard is a fine, fine actor, one of those rare mortals who apparently can cry almost on cue. He wept copious tears (not a part of the original script) in the film "Hustle and Flow upon hearing a beautiful gospel song sung. He weeps easily here as well.  "Pride reminded me of another true story also from the early 1970's. The inspiration for youngsters was a man whose nickname was "Happy, as he always was. An extremely talented musician, he was accepted at Julliard School of Music but could not afford to go. (I suppose affirmative action did not reach that far up.) Instead he had to attend and graduated from Tennessee Tech in Nashville. Mostly by his hard work alone, he was able to pull together a college choir that sang like angels in an underfunded AME College in Florida. These young people, many of whom worked one or two jobs while attending college, inspired everyone who heard them as they toured both Florida and other states.  "Pride is a movie not to be missed.
 Excellent movie.  Its nice to see Africian American men shown in a positive light.
 I had heard about this movie for a while.  I didn't know what to expect based on its notorious history.  I am happy to report that it was really entertaining!  Forget all the box office spin.  Heigl is great.  Grillo is perfectly cast and the filmmakers used Sizemore's persona to great effect.  If you are expecting a straight ahead thriller-- this is something more.  It's really fun.  Lots of twists and turns and it  mixes genres in a very cleaver way.  When it's all over you should look at it again and you can see exactly how all the pieces fit together.  Great puzzle!
 The interesting aspects of the film Zyzzyx Road are probably the suspense that amounts culminating into a series of action packed scenes, where Grant portrayed by Leo Grillo is an accountant that has a wife and daughter whom he loves, and despite this he has an affair with a seductive woman named Marissa (Katherine Heigl) whom he meets in Las Vegas. Marissa's boyfriend Joey arrives and seeing them together he attempts to murder her lover, but Grant gets the upper hand eventually killing Joey. Afterwards the couple of criminals hide the fact that they killed the man, and drive away to a dead end street Zyzzyx Road to bury the corpse unbeknownst to anyone.  The most disturbing part of the film is that there is an invisible enemy attempting to seek out and kill Marissa and her new lover Grant. It may be possible that Grant is simply an innocent man that transformed into a psychopath after the killing of Joey, as if his conscience is biting on him. Grant appears to be a victim more or less of his own mental and emotional problems that he simply doesn't have the stamina to cope with, and he turned into a madman not by desire, but by coincidence and has broken down to the point where he cannot tell apart his enemies from his friends. He is clearly very delusional and appears to not desire to hurt anybody, but does so in the process. Overall the film is excellent, and has the best actors and an ideal location for the fictional Zyzzyx Road, and the mystery that is created holds a great interest all the way to the end of the film. I would recommend the film to be watched by vast varieties of audience, and definitely without question respect the contents and the fascination surrounding this action packed thriller centered on Zyzzyx Road, and one of a kind film, that is the work of a genius.
 this movie film is outstanding american actors very pretty katherine heigl who star in such programatics as knocked up and twilight zone hitler baby episode.  tom sizemore born on july 4th and wearer of hats also stars.  direct to dvd erotic thriller should have feature katherine in underwear scene or wet t shirt even though watching would be a sin against our christian god jesus christian, it is nice for the eyes.  will u watch it and please send legal currency to film producers?  i am all american iphone carrying mcdonalds swallowing hot dog college coeducationl student.  i am largely obesity and not work very hard but prefer watch movies on televisor, eat gratuitous amounts of meats and cheeses, including sacred cow, and watch american actress movie film katherine heigl, star of knocked up and hitler baby episode.  where is american bikini scene in this movie?  it was very psychological film and made me wonder why plot is so laborious but not easy to understand for non-native speakers, subtitles were very small.  overall, great movie A++ american hollywood moviefilm!  how do you say--two stars up and five thumbs!!
 africa screams in one of my favorites of abbot and costello, it funny and lots of great fun and acting lot of it seems silly but i like it because its got some real people in it, meaning the real clide beaty or the other one. the jack in bean stalk is kinda silly for me but kids should like it alot. africa kinda has real things that would happen.
 I love these films so much! Growing up these were some of my favorites.  Africa Screams has so many classic scenes! Jack and the Beanstalk is so hilarious!  The only problem with this is the poor quality. For a dvd it  is quite disappointing. To be honest though, Its not that big of a deal to  me! When I owned them on video growing up, they were bad quality anyway. It  is a great deal to get both of these films together! I still would  recommend buying this dvd!
 While people often gush -- and rightly so -- about the Charlie Brown Christmas and Halloween cartoons, I often feel like this is the "lost Peanuts holiday special that doesn't quite get the attention of its more popular siblings. Charlie Brown, through no fault of his own, gets roped into preparing a Thanksgiving dinner for Peppermint Patty and all his friends. And this from a boy who can barely make cold cereal and toast. Snoopy and Woodstock lend a hand in the kitchen with predictably silly results.  While it's not as iconic as some of the other Peanuts specials, it's a good story that really grasps the characters very well. This DVD also features "The Mayflower Voyages, one of several specials that cast the Peanuts characters as participants in American history. It's a good educational tool for the kids, mixing in some of the harsher facts of life at Plymouth Rock with the softer, happier mood of the Peanuts gang. Together, these two cartoons are well worth the DVD.
 This video takes me back to being a kid and being able to stay up and watch the specials that came on TV for the holidays. This is just a great simple cartoon for kids and parents alike. You will never be disapointed  with any Charlie Brown cartoon. From Lucy's contant quest to never let  Charlie Brown never kick the football,to Charlie Browns deep thoughts on  life. You will always love this one.
 This is a classic.  Even though Charles Schultz hated it when he first saw it, it has become one of the most beloved Charlie Brown caroons of all time.  People get very antsy if their networks don't put it on every year.  As usual, Charlie Brown has his trials and tribulations as he tries to prepare a Thanksgiving dinner for kids who have invited themselves to dinner.  Even Snoopy and the bird get into the act.  This cartoon is great even for the little ones.  It doesn't matter if you are 3 or 93. It's a treat for the whole family.  Enjoy it, Thanksgiving or any time of year!
 Charlie Brown and friends are busy getting ready for that forgotten holiday - Thanksgiving.  Linus is telling everyone about it, Charlie Brown is wondering why the stores have Christmas decorations up already, and Sally is stressing about having to write a report on  Standish Miles  before she's finished her Halloween candy.  But then Peppermint Patty calls and invites herself, Marcy, and Franklin to the Brown house for Thanksgiving dinner.  Snoopy pitches in to help, but when the best they can do isn't enough for Peppermint Patty, what will happen next? This is a Peanuts classic.  Only Charlie Brown could find himself in this predicament, and it's handled with the usual Peanuts gentle humor. Also included on the DVD is an episode of the TV show  This is America, Charlie Brown.    The Mayflower Voyage  intersperses the Peanuts gang in a retelling of the Pilgrims and the first Thanksgiving.  It is a good presentation of the history of the Pilgrims, but is more history then entertainment.  Still, it does have its moments, like when Lucy wants directions to the complaint box once they've reached America. The DVD offers no extras beyond this additional 25 minutes of Peanuts animation.  Still, the picture and sound quality are top notch on both programs. This DVD belongs in any Peanuts fan's library to be enjoyed year after year.
 If you're collecting Charlie Brown videos, you can't go wrong buying this package!  It's got 2 of Charles Schulz's best animated specials! It's The  Great Pumpkin, Charlie brown (1966) was Charles Schulz's 3rd animated  special and features many of the most important elements of the Peanuts  cartoon strip
 The Turkey-Day special is often forgotten about  due to the tremendous popularity of the Halloween &amp; Christmas specials but it is just as good and in some ways better.
 The  Peanuts  TV specials changed the way I celebrate every holiday from Halloween to Arbor Day.  I raced home to watch  A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving  on ABC this year, having not seen it since 1994.  I watched it with wide eyes and, the next day, played the tape for my 19 month-old nephew, who learned the word  Snoopy  two weeks ago. Even to my jaded almost-30 eyes,  A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving  absolutely rocks.  Peanuts TV specials lost a little charm when Vince Guaraldi passed on, but fortunately he scored this one.  There's a Woodstock-themed song performed by Jack Sheldon -- not as good as his  Amendment Song  for  The Simpsons  (what is?), but it's hummable. All the great  Peanuts  moments are here
 Charlie Brown Thanksgiving has all the fun that you normally expect of a Charlie Brown movie.  You get to see Peppermint Patty invite herself and several friends to Charlie Brown's house for Thanksgiving, and then watch him flounder about trying to deal with it.  The result is a dinner of junk food ala carte.   Charlie Brown Thanksgiving DVD also comes with a second feature, Voyage of the Mayflower.  This is a really great little flick that presents the Charlie Brown characters as participants in the pilgrim's voyage to the new world, their struggle to survive, and the first Thanksgiving.  Parents may appreciate the educational aspects of this flick, as well as enjoy it's excellent quality. Between the two features, A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is definitely value for money.  Another great feature, because the features are only 30 minutes, they can work as a great stop-gap to occupy a child for a brief period (such as while you are finishing dinner and they are getting fidgety), without having to cut short a full length movie.
 A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is twenty-five minutes long and was originally aired on November 20, 1973. This was the third holiday special with A Charlie Brown Christmas being the first and It's The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown being second. With the exception of the football scene where Lucy pulls the football away from Charlie Brown, Lucy is not featured in the rest of the special. The main story is that Peppermint Patty has invited herself, Marcie, and Franklin to Chuck's house for Thanksgiving Dinner and Charlie Brown and Sally will be at their grandmother's condo that day. Linus comes up with the idea of having two Thanksgiving Dinners; one for Peppermint Patty, Marcie, Franklin, and the other at his grandmother's place. The plan goes into full effect and the two recruit Snoopy to help set up the table chairs and make dinner. The two funny scenes are when Snoopy gets into a fight with a folding deckchair that comes to life and the kitchen scene where Woodstock accidently put butter on Snoopy's ear. The gang arrives and is escorted to the backyard to be seated for dinner. Look for chair that disappears and reappears next to Franklin whenever the scene cuts back and forth. In the end Charlie Brown's grandmother invites Peppermint Patty, Marcie, Franklin, and Linus over to her place and Charlie Brown emerges as the hero at the end. Not quite up to par with the first two, but still a good Peanuts special. A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving gets an AAA+++.  Also included in this DVD is the The Mayflower Voyagers. The Mayflower Voyagers is twenty-four minutes and originally aired on October 21, 1988. The Mayflower Voyagers was the first of an eight part special called This is America, Charlie Brown. The bulk of the Mayflower Voyagers is done in narration by Charlie Brown. There are a few dialogues done by Lucy, Linus, Sally, Peppermint Patty, and Marcie. Also included in this special are adults, in full view, with actually speaking parts and not the blah, blah we usually hear on other specials. This was something of a rarity in the Peanuts specials. Basically The Mayflower Voyagers tells the story of the Pilgrims journey to the new world, their hardships, and the meetings of friendly Indians. This would be a good lesson for pre-school kids. The Mayflower Voyagers gets an AAA+++.  DVD FEATURES  Play Set Up Scene Selection Main Menu
 I recently checked out the remastered DVD version of the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, which was the third of the three holiday cartoons created back in the 1970s
 I purchased this dvd for a niece & nephew for Christmas.  I contacted their parents to select a movie that they thought the little ones would enjoy--and they selected Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving.  Their mom sent me an email to thank me & to let me know that the kido's loved the movie & had watched it several times already--and the parents enjoyed it too. Afterall, who wouldn't love a Charlie Brown Thanksgiving!!!
 This is number two in the Peanuts' specials Big Three (need I mention the other two?), and I think all the other reviews have covered beautifully all the things that need to be said about it.  Except this
 I owned Charlie Brown Thanksgiving in VHS and recently converted to DVD.  I asked my grandchildren if they wanted me to replace Charlie Brown Thanksgiving in DVD and they all said YES!.  It's a classic at our house and they often borrow it to take home and watch.  It's one of those movies that they enjoy over and over again.  It's great fun for the whole family.  We all watch it together at least once a season.
 The song "Little Birdie is worth the price of the disc alone.  The extra bonus feature in which the Peanuts charaters re-create the journey of the Mayflower and the first Thanksgiving, which I'd never seen before, was surprisingly sweet and very informative for my kids.  Get this DVD (along with Christmas and Halloween) to complete your collection of childhood holiday memories....
 I have to say that this is a Thanksgiving tradition where we watch this on TV and I just bought the DVD and we can watch it on our own time during the thanksgiving season.  I love it when snoopy is cooking the thanksgiving dinner and get into a fight with the law chair.  The bonus feature "The Mayflower Voyage is educational but boring.  I still give it 5 stars
 In this 1973 addition to Charles Schulz's line of Peanuts classic holiday specials, Charlie Brown has a grand Thanksgiving dinner to look forward to at his grandmother's house, but a call from tomboyish friend Peppermint Patty throws a wrench in his plans. She's invited herself over to Charlie Brown's house for a holiday feast, and she's bringing Marcie and Franklin along too! Charlie Brown doesn't know how he let himself get talked into making a pre-dinner dinner for his friends, but now he'll need the help of Linus, Snoopy, and Woodstock to pull it off! Unfortunately, all they know how to make is a meal of toast, popcorn, pretzels, jelly beans, and ice-cream sodas!  The Peanuts holiday specials have been American traditions ever since they first started appearing back in the 1960s, and they've been a personal tradition for as far back as I can remember. Some of them are as necessary to complete the holiday experience as jack o' lanterns, eggs, turkeys, and Christmas trees. The most popular of these are the sacred '60s Christmas and Halloween specials, but not too far behind are the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, Valentine's, and Easter offerings. In fact, "A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is probably considered number 3 in the countdown, if such a countdown exists. The special is classic Peanuts and highly enjoyable and heartwarming entertainment for a holiday that is sadly short on themed programming, though it doesn't have quite as much "magic as the other two specials. Surely, this is partly due to the fact that Thanksgiving, while no doubt having a much deeper meaning than food, is essentially celebrated through a big feast with family and friends. Christmas is all that and much more, and Halloween, well, Halloween is weird and spooky, and that's why it's so cool. It's clearly much harder to come up with a 25 minute TV special revolving around such a simple, though still wonderful, holiday as Thanksgiving. There are, of course, more critical factors as to why this shining television special doesn't shine quite as brightly as its predecessors. First and foremost, though she does appear for the brief football kicking gag in the opening of the special, Lucy's sassy presence is greatly missed throughout the rest of the program. Instead, we get Peppermint Patty, who doesn't really appeal to everyone, but who became a powerful presence in subsequent Peanuts shows. Second, there probably should have been a couple of touches added to enhance the Thanksgiving feeling of the film. Perhaps a scene of watching a parade on television or enjoying a REAL Thanksgiving meal at the kids' table at grandma's in the finale would have done the trick. We also have a change of voices this time around, and there aren't as many characters as the previous specials have had, which makes the Peanuts world a bit smaller and hurts the overall look a bit I think. Luckily, we do get the wisdom of Linus and Marcie, Woodstock makes his mark on the Peanuts holiday specials (with his own song to boot), and the entire experience is still an endearing one that we can all be thankful for.  I considered making this a 4 star review for a moment, after taking in everything I just wrote, but two things have stopped me from bringing it down a notch from a 5. First, this special is still outstanding entertainment, definitely excellent five-star material. Maybe not as grand as the Christmas or Halloween specials, but it's still grand nevertheless. Second, "A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving on DVD comes with only one bonus feature, but it is an excellent one. It is, specifically, an entire 24-minute second program entitled, "This Is America, Charlie Brown
 Watched these every year when my son was a child have not lost their appeal after all these years, purchased it for my grandson.
 The movie arrived very fast and was packaged very nicely. The movie was in perfect condition and my family enjoyed it very much
 The cover describes the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving for modern times, which is a classic, but also on the DVD is the Mayflower version of the Charlie Brown History series, which is educational and entertaining.  It's a good combo, especially for young kids.
 This movie had a fun little story in it and a wonderful education video about the voyage to America and the first Thanksgiving.  It includes names of actual people like Squanto and Miles Standish.  I actually bought the video for that reason.  It becomes a living text book!
 This Charlie Borwn Thanksgiving DVD is so much fun for kids. You get tow DVDs. The fist one shows Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving dinner at home with self invited friends. The second DVD was my favorite though. This one shows Charlie Brown and his little friends traveling with the Pilgrims across the Atlantic Ocean on the Mayflower. This was not only fun, but very educational. We had read the story of Thanksgiving on a book, and when we saw the video on TV, I knew we aboslutely had to have it! So for me this was the best purchase!
 Loved this movie ever since I was a kid and finally bought it.  Just as I remembered
 Charlie Brown, Linus, Lucy, and the rest of the peanuts gang are back for another holiday.  Thanksgiving is coming and Charlie Brown is getting ready to go to his grandmother's house for Thanksgiving dinner.  But, just as he's getting ready to leave, Peppermint Patty calls and invites herself over.  To make matters worse, she ends up bringing Franklin and Marcy along, too.  Charlie Brown now must make dinner for his friends before he can go to his grandmother's house.  He enlists the help of Linus, Snoopy, and Woodstock.  Snoopy is in charge of setting up the tables and chairs, while Linus and Charlie Brown get started on the food (toast, popcorn, jelly beans, and pretzels).  Needless to say, Peppermint Patty is pretty upset with the food, but Linus takes some time to describe the real meaning of Thanksgiving.  Charlie Brown's grandmother saves the day by inviting everyone to her house for a real Thanksgiving dinner.  I've been a fan of the Charlie Brown holiday specials since I was little.  I couldn't wait for them to come on TV.  It's nice to be able to share these timeless shows with my own children.  They enjoy watching Lucy pull the football away just as Charlie Brown is ready to kick it, and Snoopy planting wet kisses on Lucy.  I've always enjoyed hearing Linus' message about the "true meaning of the holiday, too.  This DVD contains another special about the Mayflower landing at Plymouth Rock that is very good, too.  I give this DVD my highest recommendation.  Peanuts specials have been and will continue to be timeless classics, and "A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is no exception.  Don't miss this funny special that contains a useful message.
 I remember every year seeing this and the Garfield special. Some very special times now that I am a 31 year old kid and passing on these traditions on to my 6 year old. I can't wait for it to come in!
 This came in great shape in the mail.  It is your classic Charlie Brown Thanksgiving Show that you see on TV every year!!!  All ages can enjoy this movie together!
 What can you say about this classic. It is a good family cartoon that will appeal to the yoougest child all the way to the oldest person in the room. The story from beggining to end brings back memories when I was a child.
 I decided to watch a series of old classics on DVD and gravitated to the Charlie Browns right away. This was not only due to my loving them as a kid but also due to the big biography on Charles Schulz's life that just got released. There's an innocence about these videos one seldom feels from contemporary specials. Unquestionably, the Peanuts series are a joy to re-experience. Furthermore, there is something incredibly non-PC about the dynamics of these characters. The over-the-top manipulative ways of Peppermint Patty and Lucy are not something producers would depict today. The same is true of Marcie's habit of calling Peppermint Patty "Sir. Saying grace before dinner would not do in a 2007 film either. Snoopy is a little aggressive for our new tastes. His pop gun musket would earn him a 10 day mandatory suspension were he to take it to school with him today. Not to mention that neither the beagle nor anyone else would dare to put butter on toast as he does here. Ah, the good old days may be gone but you can savor them once again with Charlie Brown.
 What a wonderful classic - it takes me back to my childhood days! Of course, we didn't have DVD's (or VHS for that matter!) so whenever this great movie came on t.v. it was a BIG event! I make it special for my kids too - watching it at night with JIFFY POP popcorn, just like the good ol' days! I also think you get a GREAT DEAL on Amazon - it is the best price I've found AND if you spend $40, shipping is FREE! GREAT DEAL and a GREAT MOVIE! EnJoY!
 Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday, and the Charlie Brown Thanksgiving was something I looked forward to every year.  It cracks me up when Peppermint Patty invites herself and a bunch of people over then gripes about the food.  However, Charlie Brown saving the day by bringing his buddies over to Grandma's house is a good reminder of how to be a true friend.
 I love him! He's always so annoyed and fed up with things. A bit like me!!  nd I smiled. But I laughed more.  The "chemistry between Charlie and Peppermint Patty is one to see. And Marcie saying stuff like, "Stop holding my hand, Charlie Brown. and other things to fire Patty up!  And the grandma and teachers speaking in the, "Wo Wo Wo Wo language provides a few laughs also!  I loved it. I laughed so hard when Patty was disappointed with the "meal that Snoopy prepared for everyone. "Popcorn? Buttered toast!!? Where are the mashed potatoes???!  There are fewer cartoons as good as this here.  5+ stars.  Love ya, Charlie Brown!!  &lt;3
 A hilarious slice of pure Americana. Nowhere does it get better than with the penultimate of American comics, PEANUTS. Charles Schulz does it again with the PEANUTS gang in this video. Shear fun will be had by children and adults alike watching this video as the PEANUTS gang learns the meaning of Thanksgiving. Watch for the battle between Snoopy and the lawn chair. Hysterical!
 This is a winner.  Charlie Brown gets roped into preparing a Thanksgiving dinner by a pushy Peppermint Patty who invites herself and a few friends over to "Chuck's place for the holiday meal.  Time constraints restrict Chuck to a haphazard snack of pretzels and popcorn - great football food, but not for a festive holiday get-together.  Peppermint Patty, Marcie and Franklin all make their debuts into the Peanuts animations on this.  Linus explains the origin of Thanksgiving as a feast initiated by Pilgrims and Indians for the purpose of giving thanks - a fact reiterated by Marcie after Patty rebukes poor Chuck for the food preparations.  Great message.  An added bonus is the Mayflower in which the cartoon does not softsoap the hardships of the Pilgrims in their quest for a new opportunity for religious freedom in an unknown land that at times was quite unforgiving.  Also explains the role a few native Americans had in helping these people.  I certainly learned something new from this.  And, for the football fans, you can play this DVD for the kids during the NFL games' halftime stuff.
 Very good holiday program. I have them all. I grew up really enjoying all Charlie Brown shows, now my kids are enjoying them as well.
 It's Thanksgiving, and Charlie Brown is supposed to spend this day at his Grandmother's. Before he can leave, however, Peppermint Patty decides she wants  Chuck  to host a Thankgiving dinner of his own, on the spur of the moment, and only hours before he must go to his Grandmother's. She invites herself, and her friends, to this meal. With hardly any time to prepare for this feast, Charlie Brown throws together whatever he can find in the kitchen; none of which represents a true Thankgiving meal. No turkey, pumpkin pie, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and gravy, etc. When Peppermint Patty and her firnds arrive, they are dismayed to find that the main course turns out to be popcorn of all foods. She lays into Charlie Brown, scorning him for not knowing how to put together a Thankgiving meal, until he feels so ashamed he trudges away into the house, defeated and embarrassed. It is here that Linus explains to Peppermint Patty and everyone else the true meaning of Thankgiving, and how sorely Patty has Treated Charlie Brown.   A Charlie Brown Thankgiving  is another Charles Shultz classic. Shultz has always had the ability to intertwine humor with positive, uplifting moral messages. And in this Peanuts classic, are hearts are warmed with this Thankgiving message. We are even no longer mad at Peppermint Patty for all the ill will she has caused poor Charlie Brown; for she has learned the message as well, and we can forgive her in the spirit of Thankgiving. Whether you watch  A Charlie brown Thankgiving  on VHS or DVD, you will be in for a rewarding and delightful experience you can share with your family again and again. These kinds of classics never become dull or stale.
 The Chuckster is really in a jam this time! Somehow, he got railroaded into fixing a Thanksgiving feast for his Peanuts pals. This is a guy who can barely boil water! But Charlie B doesn't fret. He and Snoopy and Woodstock manage to pull it off -- in a way. The "way involves an amazing assortment of junk food.  The kind of repast just about every Tom, Dick, and Carlos must have dreamed about digging into when they were little Tommies, Dickies, and Carlitos. Popcorn, pretzel sticks, buttered toast, jellybeans and sundaes. THIS Thanksgiving feast is a little kid's fantasy! So what does sassy tomboy Peppermint Patty do? She complains, that's what! She really lights into our zig-zag-shirted hero, calling him every synonym for "blockhead ever thought of, and poor Charlie, understandably, has a severe case of Hurt Feelings (Miss Patty definitely needs to go rent some manners here!) Then Linus says that T-Giving isn't about the bird and the fixin's, but about being close to those you care for, while Patty apologizes to Our Hero for making all those snide remarks.   A laugh-filled, heartwarming delight that I think that every Tom, Dick, and Carlos should see -- and not just the Tommies, Dickies  and Carlitos either! This is a feast of fun for everyone, young and old -- and everywhere in-between!
 It came in great condition and in a prompt way.  Thanks
 In this speical the peanuts gang are clebrating Thanksgiving. Charlie Brown (Todd Barbee) is going to his grandmother's house for Thanksgiving dinner. But then Lucy Van Pelt decides to invite herself to Charlie Brown's house for dinner. And keeps calling back with more kids that are coming to Charlie Brown's house for dinner. But the problem is that Lucy doesn't know that Charlie Brown is not going to be home for Thankgiving dinner. She doesn't even give Charlie Brown even time to tell her that he is going to his grandmother's for dinner. So Linus comes with an idea, Charlie Brown will have a dinner with Lucy and the other guests that are comiong and afterwords, he will go over to his grandmother's house. You can buy this by itself or you can buy it in a tree pack (the other two are It's the Great Pumkin Charlie Brown and A Charlie Brown Christmas).
 I REALLY ENJOYED THE MOVIE IT WAS A GOOD WAY TO SPEND A RELAXING SUNDAY AFTERNOON
 stories of our Navy people who give thier lives to defend our Constitution and our way of life we so love, who still seem to be on our USS North Carolina which is on display down on our coast
 As soon as I knew about this movie I bought it. I just knew it would be a fabulous. I was not disappointed. Thought about sending it to my Mom, but decided to keep it so I can view it again and again. I'll order my mother another one. Danny tells what happens as he saw it. I read his book too. Now,I believe the Battleship has Ghosts.
 Don't buy this movie thinking that it will be some real thriller with a lot of blood and guts.  It was released by Pulsepounders, a Canadian film company which produces family film horror.   Thouroughly entrenched in the PG range, this is more Goosebumps than Scream and that's a good thing for parents with kids into the horror genre. A teenage boy uses his wits and the support of his family to save his town from a coven of Vampires.  The special effects aren't great, the costumes aren't either, but it serves its purpose of edge-of-the-seat, while at the same time still safe, entertainment a parent can safely let their child watch without worrying it will warp them.
 I like Asian films, don't get me wrong. Nearly all of them, I have, are horror movies, unfortunately. What in the world would possess me to pick up CJ7? Well, someone very dear to me asked me if I had seen it. Seeing as I hadn't, I said no. Then, they went on to tell me what it was about. A movie about a man who desperately struggles to keep his son fed, clothed, and educated despite his struggle to stay employed. When his son asks for a toy that he can't afford, he sets out to find a suitable substitute that's cheaper(i.e. that doesn't cost anything). He returns from the garbage with CJ7, who is no more than a green ball at first. When his son activates this new ball, his son discovers that his new toy is much more than a toy but a magical solution to his family's struggles. Needless to say, I still wasn't sold on it so they went and rented it out. We watched it and, I got to admit, it is one of the best Asian films I've seen in awhile.  I ended up purchasing it for my very own. It is one of the most hilarious, imaginative, and smart films to come out in quite a long time. Definitely one I'd recommend for families to watch.  However, be forwarned-parents, there are a few scenes that you might want to see first before letting your kids watch that involve..um, how can we say this...poo. They're not that offensive, mind you. In fact, they are downright funny. Yet, in all fairness, you might want to scope the scenes out before letting them watch. Chow's movies, as you may have seen before with Kung Fu Hustle, are not immediately for everyone.  DVD features include
 i already imported this from hong kong and it is a great transfer, actually looks better than it did at the theater i saw it at.  if you like any of stephen chow's other movies (shaolin soccer, kung foo hustle) you will like this one as well. some of the same actors, the same goofy style of acting and over the top theatrics. but this time there is an alien and a nice story. think of a chinese version of E.T. sort of. the part of the little boy in the movie is actually played by a girl and she does a great job.  do yourself a favor and at least rent it, it shouldn't be missed (besides its only 87 minutes long). when i went to the theater, there were only 6 other people in there with me. it really deserved better publicity than it got.  by far it was the best movie the first 6 months of this year until the summer blockbusters started coming out.
 I stumbled across this movie as a pay-per-view rental while looking for something for my family to watch on a Friday night.  My kids were a little put off by the notion of subtitles, but that concern was gone within the first 90 seconds of the movie.  I went into the movie with no preconceptions (never heard of Stephen Chow) and was pleasantly surprised by the movie.  I laughed so hard I cried, and I just plain cried.  It is the little details in this movie that are surprising, funny, and touching.  Just see it, with an open mind.  Your kids have to be at least old enough to read the subtitles, and probably should be a bit older to really get the most out of the movie.  It is NOT primarily about the cute little character, CJ7.  It is more about the relationships between Dicky and his father and classmates, and how they are affected by what happens after CJ7 arrives.  I am here to buy many copies for friends.
 This is a fabulous movie for Dad's to watch with their kids.  But make sure you do not buy the version with subtitles. The English version is so much better.    I give it the maximum number of stars.
 I just finished watching CJ7 (Blu-ray) And it is just another great Stephen Chow Film. It is what they say ; but the style is something else.  No complaints, only praise. Sound
 I don't normally write reviews, but I was shocked by the few (and I do mean few) negative reviews of this film. It inspired me to write a positive review, if for no other reason than to give this film its worth.  I'll say from the start that I am biased. I have seen a number of Stephen Chow's films (including the boring Justic Is My Foot). I am a fan. I find his humor a combination of wit and slapstick. There is a strong level of intelligence and appreciatiation for the absurd (think Looney Tunes).  While Stephen Chow is known for his slapstick adult humor, it was less surprising to me that HE had made a childrens' film than to hear that Takashi Miike had made a children's film ("The Great Yokai War"). None the less, I was skeptical. Could Stephen Chow transcend the greatest folly of childrens' films? The greatest folly is, of course, the over-simplifying of the world to a point where it has no relevance in reality, except as a delusional acid trip. Adults of all kinds tend to fall into the chasm of under-estimation. They all think that children can not handle the real world. While I agree that some things are worth waiting to tell a child until she/he has matured, other things, being natural to life and the human condition, should be confronted in a respectful and meaningful fashion. This film does that.  This film does not skirt around the consequences of one's actions. This film faces them bold-facedly. *SPOILER* Even though the film has a happy family ending, it does not pretend that jealousy does not happen; that rage does not motivate actions; that death does not exist. The normal kids' emotions are not just explored but dealt with as if Stephen Chow were writing about his kids.  This film is a testament to what kids films should be like. I give this film the highest rating!! (also because there are some great acting preformances and some hilarious moments!)
 The best, over looked family film EVER. Not only is Cj7 the cutest little thing, but it has a sweet story line with lots of humor for the whole family. My Four year old watches this movie from begining to end several times a week. We love this movie.
 Got this very quickly and was impressed with the movie! Loved Kung Fu Hustle so thought I'd give it a try. Great movie for kids and adults!
 CJ7 is an amazing children's movie. It's not a Disney production, so don't expect everyone to be blonde, beautiful, rich and stupid. This movie was produced in China, for a Chinese audience. It presents a culture and principles that are very un-American because it was not produced for Americans. Some of the reviewers of this wonderful film seem to ignore those basic facts.  I can't recall many movies that have tugged on so many emotions in such a short span of time - I laughed, I cried, and I walked away from the movie feeling hopeful about tomorrow. This movie is suitable for children of any age - I'm in my 30s and watched it by myself - but as with ANY movie, younger children should watch it with a parent or adult who can explain things to them they might not understand.
 An excellent film, very little known, for the whole family and very entertaining. The price is very low and is an ideal opportunity to enjoy this product. I am Spanish and I bought it because I did not find anywhere else. Undoubtedly a +10 on this product
 Stephen Chow is a brilliant actor, writer, and movie maker. This is a touching movie that our family watches over and over.  I appreciate how he infuses his personal ideals(no stealing, swearing, or fighting) into a beautifully crafted script.  There is too much to say about this movie. Buy it!
 i'm learning chinese so i thought i'd watch this movie to help me with my pronunciation- about 4 minutes into the movie i was laughing hysterically and went running to get my sister to make her watch it with me too. we both ended up loving the movie, we were laughing and crying through the whole thing, and i didn't even realize until after the movie that the director/writer is the main actor too-- really impressive! if you enjoy family films, chinese films, comedy films, you will love this movie. it is just a good movie. i hate that everyone is comparing it to E.T...it has a similar story line (kid and alien) but E.T. in my opinion was kind of creepy and not a comedy. i don't think they're anything alike.. this movie is more of a feel-good-film with good music, effects, and acting. i highly recommend!
 Not many Americans bother to watch foreign language films, but CJ7 is a rare treasure for any age or culture.  It is a clear descendant of ET, with a touch of The Little Rascals and the Dead End Kids thrown in. Director Steven Chow (who also stars) presents a view of life seen mostly from the perspective of his son, a 10 year old. Chow plays a poor but hardworking father who struggles to keep his son in a fancy school somewhere in China.  The boy faces some tough obstacles, not the least of which is his excessive poverty which causes him to wear clothes that are strictly second rate.  His lowly financial status causes him instant conflict with a group of bullies who torment him unmercifully. Through it all he has little more than his father's exhortations to lead the clean and honest life. But the boy does have the support of one of his teachers, a Miss Yuen (Kitty Chang), who is impossibly sweet and breathtaking much along the lines of Miss Crabtree from the Little Rascals of the 1930s. She is there to be his mother surrogate. Life, however, is more demanding than what his father and Miss Yuen can counter. The class bullies plus a totally insensitive and gross male teacher combine to make him miserable.  Enter the world of a Spielberg-type fantasy. The boy's father finds a remnant of a flying saucer that when he presents it to his son, turns out to be a cute and fluffy life force, capable of matter transformation. When the boy and his new alien friend interact, the movie begins to shift from one tone to another. There are several truly funny scenes of anti-gravity machinations that defy logic.  There are several others that demand that the boy face the harsh reality of bullies who want his new friend for themselves.  There are still others that come perilously close to stark death and tragedy that seem out of place in a light comedy. Yet, I see these tonal fluctuations as an integral part of the plot which requires the boy to grow up in a hurry. He must make decisions about how to use his friend, with "use being the operative word. He must watch his words and promises since words spoken in haste are often a precursor to a crunching reality. And finally, he must recenter himself as to what really counts in his life. The cute and fluffy alien is seen ultimately as no more than a key by which the boy can make some hard choices in a world that promises easy solutions when the only lasting ones are the type that you can fashion yourself out of your inner core. CJ7 is a movie that deftly balances several themes that never manage to go astray. Highly recommended.
 okay, the movie is aimed for kids, but I loved it too.  There is a great moral underlying this movie and we forget sometimes that there are a lot of people in this world that are just getting by and are trying to make sure their kids have just enough.  The love of a parent and their kid is so well portrayed in this movie and the lesson learnt by the child sure bought the tears out.  Enough said, rent it, borrow it, buy it - you are sure to have a 87 minutes of laugther, tears and reflective moments.  A very heart warming movie for all ages.  Even the extra material on the making of the movie is worth watching!!  this is my first experience of a Stephen Chow movie, and I am sure to see more of his movies now.
 The movie is spoken chinese with english sub-titles. A story of a poor family whose father is putting his son thru private school so his son won't struggle in life like he did. The movie covers themes of bullying at school, struggles between kids and parents, and death (kind-of). Very heart warming I highly recommend this movie. Has quite a few funny scenes. This is a very good family movie.
 CJ7 worked for my 12 year old boy and for me.  This film is a lot of fun.
 This movie was really enjoyable. It's a family kind of movie, but that shouldn't turn you off from watching it if you think that means it won't be as good as Chow's other recent films. His great sense of humor is throughout the movie, and it even has a parody of Kung Fu Hustle in it.  It is in Chinese, and I highly recommend you don't watch it dubbed if that's an option. There's a specific gag that would probably be a lot less funny if you aren't listening to the original audio track.
 CJ7 is a wonderful little family film from Stephen Chow.  Our family has been long time fans of his work.  This movie was no exception. It is not as violent or action-oriented as his other movies, but still keeps the quirky, silly sense of humor that makes a Stephen Chow movie. It is a darling gem of a family movie.  There are plenty of moments of hilarity, and a few sweet moments, too. Definately worth a watch.
 This movie is a riot!  If you like Saolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle then you'll love this movie.  Laughing one minute and crying the next, this movie keeps you watching wondering what could happen next. Yet another masterpiece from Stephen Chow.  XD
 I was skeptical at first about purchasing a used video online. But I had searched every pawn shop in town & couldn't find this movie. Service was fast & it doesn't seem to be any scratches Products is really in like new condition. My mom said even though she cant set her DVD to make the audio english she just reads the subtitles & she has still watched it about 10 times.
 I'm not sure I could've loved this movie more! Maybe if the ending had more detail but that's my only (super minor) complaint.  ok that and Stephen Chow gets top billing when Xu Jiao (Dicky) is the true star of this movie and SHE is an amazing little actress!
 This movie is amazing, i urge anyone to watch it. It arrived relatively fast and was exactly as described! I would totally buy this movie again!
 My family and I loved this movie. The movie is mostly for kids but my husband and I had a great time watching it. Everything about it is hilarious. Stephen Chow is one of my favorite asian actor and director. You won't be disappointed with this one.
 It is just what you expected it to be lots of laughs and a decent family movie even educational depending on the age 
 I have been a big Stphen Chow fan, I recently watched the Warrior's Way , which reminded me of his films. IMDB gave CJ7 great reviews, so I purchased the dvd. It's wonderful, we enjoyed it immensely. The service and quality of product are great! Thanks!
 I ordered the CJ7 movie for my grandson, and it arrived within 3 or 4 days.  The price was great and the condition was like new.  Thanks again....
 Great seller, Shipped and arrived on time as described, doing business was a pleasure and I dont say this just because...I say it because you are a great person to buy from.
 I rented this first and then HAD to buy it.  It was incredibly hard to find so I was thrilled it was available through Amazon. It's great for pretty much all ages. It's touching and funny and surprising and a great slice of life movie... granted the slice of life is chinese and not wholly familiar, but I don't know of anyone who hasn't loved it and I've watched it with many people multiple times!
 I previously had taken a Mandarin Chinese class in high school, and was influenced to buy this ASAP. Then, college started and I never had focused to buy this DVD any time sooner. Then, I decided to buy it on Amazon because I doubt I could get it anywhere locally in the stores. The DVD had came in a decent packaging, no sign of scratches and watched it a few times after it came already. I figured the price was decent and was well worth the investment. Thanks.
 I had fairly low expectations for Bereavement. The horror genre has produced a few good movies over the past decade, but it's also shown us quite a few duds that I would prefer to forget. Thankfully, Bereavement is worth watching.  The concept of Bereavement is fairly simple. A young boy is kidnapped by a deranged killer with the intent of training him in the trade of ritual murder. The young boy, played by Spencer List, makes the role film. I haven't seen a young boy more convincing in a horror role since Haley Joel Osment in The Sixth Sense. He really is quite fantastic in his reserved role that must have been very difficult to play.  Bereavement isn't completely different from other horror movies, but it treats the process much differently. It goes for fear more from realism than plain shock novelty. If anything else, I respect Bereavement for treating it's audience as intellectuals rather than idiots looking for a cheap thrill.  I'd recommend Bereavement if you enjoy horror movies. I'm getting pretty sick of the genre and it's slow progression, but I really enjoyed this film. You better watch it quick before five other movies come to rip off it's concept.
 I enjoyed this movie quite a bit.  The lead characters, especially the one played by Alexandra Daddario, make some curiously poor decisions, but if you can look past that (like you must with most horror movies), you'll find the acting and cinematography to be top notch.  I couldn't get my mind around the killer's motives but that may be because I haven't seen the first movie.  This is a high quality blu-ray transfer.  The excellent video quality makes watching the beautiful Daddario quite a treat.  I can't comment on the sound since I don't have a home theater setup at the moment.
 This is a horror film. Its director said he wanted to explore the psychology of madness and the passing of madness from one person to another; and he succeeds in doing so. The film also prompts us to think.  In 1989, a serial killer, driven to inflict brutality upon teen age girls and then murdering them, kidnaps a six-year old boy who doesn't speak and happens to suffer from a disease that causes him not to feel pain. He teaches the boy all he knows, but five years later the boy still doesn't do what the killer does.   Unlike the boy who doesn't experience pain, the killer inflicts pain upon himself and sees something, sometimes a human shadow and sometimes the skeleton of an animal, that tell him to commit the brutal acts and murder, generally by stabbings. He seems to have twisted religious ideologies. He also seems to be overwhelmed with guilt. Viewers will have to listen and decide why he feels the guilt. Perhaps it is over killing (stabbing) animals, for his father was a butcher and raised him to follow this profession. What and why he hears the commands to kill is also something viewers need to decide. Perhaps it is both the voice of the animals and of his father. The animal may be speaking to him of the need for atonement for killing them by killing girls; his father by urging him to continue his tradition, although in a bizarre manner. He repeats several times
 I would like to start by saying i do not understand all the negative reviews. I rented this move from a redbox and found it to be very good. The movie had plenty of scary scenes and the storyline was terrifying the directing and acting was done very well. This is one of my favorite horror movies of the year.
 Been a fan of Malevolence since when it first came out and this entry 'Bereavement' doesn't disappoint at all. A good atmosphere, interesting story and characters, and much more violent than the other. I recommend this to any slasher fan!
 If you're into slasher/horror movies than you'll love the movie. There's lots of action, gore and few unexpected twists. Definitely worth a watch.
 I've been waiting to see this movie ever since hearing rumours of its existence. Having loved MALEVOLENCE, a straight-forward, fantastically bleak shocker, I looked forward to this prequel. BEREAVEMENT is even better than MALEVOLENCE, in that it has a far more fleshed-out story, more character depth, and is even more wicked in its delivery! Writer / Producer / Director, Stevan Mena, like Ti West, is well-versed in retro-horror, and is great at taking ordinary situations and plunging them into madness. The juxtaposition of rural family life and abduction / sadism is jarring as we watch normality switched back and forth w/ murderous insanity. Two very different types of "child-rearing are presented, and they collide in the catastrophic finale. BEREAVEMENT can be watched either before or after seeing MALEVOLENCE. It stands alone just as well as it does as a prequel. Highest recommendation...
 Writer/director Stevan Mena must have learned a few things while making the inferior "sequel to "Bereavement, <a href="http
 The Inspector Lynley Mysteries Series I is a well written set of murder mysteries with a good cast and interesting plot lines.  If you like Sherlock Holmes, then you will probably like this series.
 Highly recommend this one.  If you haven't seen the first installment, get a copy and watch it then watch this.  Can't/won/t tell you what happens but I highly recommend watching this one.  Good acting by all. I love, love, love Tyler Perry.
 Better than part 1! Janet Jackson did a fabulous job in this movie! Please watch this movie, u wont regret it!
 Great movie too..sequel to the first movie..take's couples relationship's to the next level...Really happy with purchase until firmware upgrades on Blu-ray player stopped it from playing...AUSTRALIAN BUYER'S BEWARE...
 Anything with Tyler Perry is a must see for me. I have been a fan of his since I watched my first Tyler Perry play. There were so many layers and dimensions to the characters in this movie. A deep story but with the usual fun and "keeping it real vibe Tyler Perry has in all his stories. I picked up a lot of "what to do and what not to do in a marriage in this movie and I appreciate that a lot.  A few parts or scenes were almost predictable but still essential to the movie as a whole.  I fell in love with the set design as well. The end of this movie lends itself to a third movie, I dare say.
 <a href="http
 Having watched 'Why Did I Get Married' and now 'Why Did I Get Married Too,' I have grown fond of all the characters in this movie. Many laughs were shared along with tears. Once again, Tyler brought up many hard hitting topics in which married couples face and subtly suggested that refraining from the easiest choice to each problem may be the wisest response. I will say that this movie did have a turn of events in the nearing the end which made one ponder over the Biblical verse
 Love Janet Jaclson so naturally this is why I wanted to see this movie...has a great "real time concept of what people go through and how some people can handle it. HIGHLY recommend this...semi chick flick 
 I love all the Tyler Perry movies...and this one certainly does not disappoint.  It takes a very dramatic turn from "Why Did I Get Married? and is an emotional journey worth the trip.  It's an explosive and heartwarming adventure!
 Excellent Movie - THANK YOU - came in a timely manner.  THANK YOU - 5 stars! (smiles)
 Gathered together in the Bahamas for their annual one-week reunion, four close couples eagerly reconnect, sharing news about their lives and relationships. But their intimate week in paradise is disrupted by the unexpected arrival of Sheila's ex-husband, Mike, who hopes to break up her new marriage with Troy and win her back. The others soon realize they too are not immune to the challenges of commitment and fidelity. Angela doesn't believe her husband, Marcus, can be faithful now that he's a celebrity television newscaster. Dianne and Terry's relationship is feeling the strain of raising children. And Patricia, a successful self-help psychologist, must finally reveal the deep flaws in her seemingly perfect marriage to Gavin. With their relationships hanging in the balance when they return home, each couple must choose between blame and forgiveness, doubt and faith, with life-altering consequences.  The truth of the matter is that I have mixed feelings about this movie. Am I glad I saw it? Yes! This is one movie I wouldn't mind seeing again (if only to watch Shelia). Did I expect something different? Yes and no. Did I enjoy the movie? Yes, I'd have to say that I did.  The truth is that it is just a different type of movie. The first movie examined how individuals dealt with the problems in their marriages; the good, the bad and the ugly. And in the first movie, they all had better relationships and a greater understanding of each other as people. Now, the second movie addresses what happens when a relationship breaks down (literally) and how we as human beings learn to cope with the change, hardships and difficulties. See, not bad, but different.  I feel the mark of a good movie is when you forget you are watching it, and you get drawn into the story. And let me assure you that this will happen. I will admit that this movie had a lot packed into it, but it gives you a fresh look on how these characters have changed, or not changed, over the three years since the first movie. It is a very emotional ride at times, but it all pays off when Shelia embarrasses Marcus, or when Troy stands up for his wife, and Janet's character really shows her other side.  The location for the reunion was absolutely beautiful, and get to see the conversations between the men and the women (in individual groups) and then see how the stories match up as the movie continues beyond the weekend get-a-way. There really is no need to describe the story any further because each person will experience it differently. Personally, I thought the movie began a bit slowly, however when it got to the end, I was happy for the slow parts it gave me time to catch up. Overall
 I enjoyed this movie soooooooooooo much i can relate. They all did a good job and JANET man did she act the hell out of that part i think the passing of Micheal Jackson had something to do with itgood job on her behalf. I don't think i wanted it to end like that BUT Mr. Perry sure made of for it with a surprise guess at the end. I love Angelia and Marcus she maybe loud and sometimes ghetto be we all can relate she just voice what she is thinking. Jill Scott's character in regards to Mike Karma is a B..... some men just cant appreciate whats in front of them until its too late. I laughed a lot and it was fun a very good sequel. I can honestly say I would like to see a 3rd movie made.
 Well, the first one is still my favorite. This one left me with a different view of everything. There are a lot of lessons to take from this one. This one to me is more of this is what could happen when you do this or this is how your life can end up when you do that. I felt this one was more of a teaching tool than entertainment. I left in a daze and in thought of wow, look what can happen in marriage. Look what can happen when you push people, and when you don't forgive or move on.  I am still in thought of this one... It will take some time for it all to sink in. It is still a great movie, but it is such a tool of how you can let the enemy use your mind, and the enemy will have you thinking all types of things that may not even be true. I still plan to purchase the DVD of this one once it is out, as we own all of the other ones. I hope there will be a number three.. I would like to see a focus on marriage and in laws as well. Because marriage involves many other avenues.  Well I don't want to give too much of the movie away, as I saw this movie for the first time on 4/17/2010 and when we went to see the movie, it was still packed and lines. My mother went with us for her second time. She said she had to see it again, as it was so good to her. One of my co-workers also said that they were going to see the movie again as well. As for me I will wait for the DVD, so that I can relax and really take this one in... again it has so many lessons.. I am still in thought... Hurry out and enjoy!  We are still fans! The whole cast did a great job and we want more! Great job to all keep it coming!  Another Great Movie to see is called A Good Man Is Hard To Find. I purchased this movie through Amazon.. Bishop Noel Jones is featured. You won't be disappointed.
 Tyler Perry put his foot in this one! WDIGM2 was fantastic, the acting was great, the storyline was superb. Although the Angela character gets on my last nerve, the other cast makes up for. I laughed and cried, you will not be dissapointed! Highly recommend, can't wait for the dvd!
 I saw this movie in the theater and just thought it was awesome. If you liked the first one you should most certainly love this sequel.  The movie picks up right where they left off on the first one. I liked the fact that they kept all the orginal characters and developed their lives even more.  This movie was funny, sad, awe inspiring and mostly makes you look at your life with a different outlook at the end. Another big hit for Tyler Perry. I even had my husband say he liked it and he is definetly not a chick flick kind of guy. So I defintely recomend adding this to your Tyler Perry collection as will I.
 I thought that the second movie was great. I felt that Janet did a much better job in the second movie, and it showed that even people who are doctors who deal with people's problems on a day to day basis, may also have problems of their own. I felt that it was good that Sheila and Mike's characters were explored. In addition, the Bahamas was a beautiful setting and choice for their one-week getaway. I enjoyed seeing some actors who are legacies such as Cecily Tyson and Louis Gossett Jr. I enjoyed the movie so much.
 I appreciate his perspective on marriage. As a young couple with two children, this is an inspiration to my wife and I. We both are educated and find it rare to see the truth in successful AAs in the community on film. There is a such thing as a successful marriage in today's society. Good job Perry!
 TGFT---Thank God for Tyler!! I am so glad that Tyler Perry makes movies that people of color can relate to.  As someone who never made it through an episode of "Friends", "Seinfield  or some of those otherwise "popular shows, it is refreshing for me to see entertainment that speaks to me.  Some critics want to bash Tyler for not depicting his characters exactly as they think they should be portrayed.  They try to compare his work to so-called mainstream writers and directors.  And they nit-pick the heck out of every detail of his movies saying they aren't factual.  But these same critics give accolades to movies like "Knocked Up and "The Hangover and other stupid, who-gives-a-damn-about-real-life type of movies. Movies ARE supposed to be entertaining and fun, not trashy and moronic.  And speaking of entertainment, for those who critique his movies as not being factual, keep in mind they are MOVIES NOT DOCUMENTARIES.  If you're so hard up for facts, stay home and watch The Learning Channel and The Discovery Channel.  Tyler, please keep entertaining us!!!
 I WENT TO SEE THIS MOVIE WHEN IT CAME OUT AND I LOVED IT! I CRIED AND LAUGHED AND CRIED AND LAUGHED! ITS SOO GOOD! AND THE END IS SOO INTENSE! I WILL BE BUYING THIS TO ADD TO THE WHOLE COLLECTION OF TYLER P PLAYS AND MOVIES I ALREADY HAVE!
 Anybody going to see "Why Did I Get Married, Too? knows what to expect.  The critics seem to hate Tyler Perry's work while audiences love it.  Maybe they hate his Christian themes, or maybe they just don't like to see a movie about relationships that is so real.  To put it simply, this movie is genuine, sincere, intellectual, emotional, and just plain awesome.  The acting is on par with the original "Why Did I Get Married?  I loved the acting before and I still like it now.  Troy, Sheila's new husband, is probably my least favorite actor of the bunch, but he's still good in quite a few of his scenes.  The emotional sequences really allow these actors to display their talent leaving me very impressed.  One complaint I've read from a few critics is that the "violent acts of the husbands seem to be excused.  Well, I don't know about these critics but my wife likes it when I get firm and controlling.  It's not my nature to be agressive with her so she finds ways to draw out that aggressiveness from me.  She wants to know I can be sweet but firm when I need to be.  I feel like the husbands in this movie were behaving in a way that would really excite the target female audience of this film, and it definitely excited my wife in some positive ways (especially because none of the husbands ever hit their wives or even hurt them in any way that I can remember).  It gave me a few pointers as well that will aid me in developing the kind of firmness my wife desires.  Tyler Perry doesn't try to be politically correct in this aspect.  Men and women are different, and his characters exemplify this (except for Marcus and Angela, perhaps).  But remember in the original how Marcus finally got angry at Angela?  She LIKED it.  Some women want that type of treatment to feel feminine and like they are married to a MAN, so critics need to back off and understand that not all people are as narrow minded as they are regarding relationships.  Maybe they need to man-up in their marriages, but they are too scared so they jab at movies that show how they should be acting.  Sorry for the rant, but I think this is an important reason why critics will always bash Perry's movies.  They can't handle his depictions of the male and female roles in marriage or his Christian values.  Anybody who does like his style knows this movie will be awesome.  The ending is going to be a love it or hate it moment, but I thought it worked well (apart from the very last scene, but I can live with it).  You will see some great moments that tug on your heart strings, so get ready for a great experience.  This movie definitely made me cry.
 I love Tyler Perry movies.  They never fail to please.  Always looking forward to the next one! Never seen one I did not like!
 What no Madea!  Yes that's right  and the casting has a great chemistry to them too. You will enjoy this one.
 Tyler Perry is a great producer, He can work the mind of life  ups and downs in our own culture frame work of life; American seems to have a issue With a African American Man Calling the shots to his work life>
 This movie pick's up where we left off the last time in the 1st movie updating us on everyone's lives and i must say the writing in this is excellent! The story line's may not have gone the way we wanted for some of the character's but it's still great and the cast they really bought their A game to the set and gave us some great material.
 Why did I get married 2 was a great movie. Actors were well suited for their roles and story line was excellent.
 Get ready for laughs, then get them tissues ready ladies. Tyler Perry is on the roll, he's blessed no doubt there!
 well this is a very touching movies worth the watch it is the second part to one and it is more emotional and deep and sad a little very amazing i loved it had to have it so i bought it
 Another excellent Tyler Perry movie a must see. Struggles that couples face and how they handle the situations that come their way. How if you don't have trust in a marriage makes you very suspicious of everything. What could happen to a marriage after losing a child if you don't deal with it when it happens. What happens when you don't appreciate each other and they start to turn to someone else. This does have a sad moments and laughter as well.
 The sequel to WHY DID I GET MARRIED?  Fans of the first movie must have this one.. it's amazing!! Beautiful scenery, with the same amazing cast.. trying even harder to sort out their marriage issues. TYLER PERRY, VERY WELL DONE!
 <span class="tiny"> Length
 I was Pleasantly Surprised to see that my package arrived earlier than was expected.  I also appreciated that ALL the DVDs were in Great shape and NEW like the description said. I would definitely order from this company again.
 As usual Tyler Perry has done an excellent job of portraying characters in a "real light. However, be prepared for some serious emotion in this one. Bit too close to home for me, but DEFinitely worth the watch.
 Its the best movie s I have ever seen it has alot of detail I bought it like 6 months ago and i watch it every night I know every word thats in that movie my husband think that I should stop watching a hang out with him. Thats how much I love it. You should buy it. Its great and order it now and its free Igot mine for free
 I've never been married, so I love watching these types of movies that make me wonder and think about what it will be like.  This movie was very touching and provided alot of issues to think about.  Overall, it's a pretty good movie.
 I hope that he makes a part 3, I am also glad that he has a series coming out. Despite the negatives and positives Tyler Perry always has a great message in his films.
 My dvds arrived in 7 day.They were in excellent shape and easy return instructions.I paid 1/2 the price I would have paid between $25-$26 for these movies.... Thanks Amazon
 I hate that it ended the way it did but that's life.  I was so shocked but this is one of my all time favorites out of the many that Tyler has written.
 Why Did I Get Married Too was a great purchase. I wouldnt say it was as a good as the first but was close... Janet Jackson really showed her acting skills in this one..
 Love all of the Tyler Perry movies.  Saw the first YdidIgetmarried.  Loved it.  This one is good also with a surprise ending.
 Tyler Perry is a blessing and a genius. This movie had everything
 I really enjoy Tyler Perry movies.  Especially the "Why Did I Get Married series.  The couples are funny and enlightening.  I got this DVD for a great price.  I ordered it on Black Friday and it's Monday and the postman was ringing my doorbell.  Great customer service.  I love ordering from AMAZON.COM.
 As always, Tyler Perry puts a great movie together combining love, hope, drama, and humor.  The characters in this movie are awesome as well!  Great movie for the whole family.
 I really love this series of movies by TP. It really speaks volumes about real life relationships. All to often, people are dead honest with their best friends and choose to hide things from their mates (who ideally should be their very best friend). Many of us, as in the movie, fear rejection, being viewed negatively or failing some high standard in the eyes of the one we love. This usually ends badly.
 THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE, I ENJOYED IT IMMENSLEY, JUST AS MUCH AS THE FIRST ONE.
 I loved this movie, teaches us how to appreciate each other, the ending was very sad though. Tyler Perry's movie always has some kind of life lesson message sin his movies. A definite must see if you wondered why you got married!
 Thank you for having this video I loved it and have reccomended to others.  Best video I have seen all year... And I received it quick and in good condition.
 There's nothing to say, except this was an enjoyable movie, Perry knows how to reach tne sensitivity of the heart.
 I EXCITEDLY LOOKED AT THIS MOVIE VIA CABLE (ON DEMAND) AND IMMEDIATELY ORDERED IT! THIS MOVIE IS INTENSE, YET SENSITIVE AND FOR A MAN WHO ISN'T MARRIED TYLER PERRY HAS AN AWESOME GRASP OF WHAT MARRIED LIFE IS LIKE. HE PLAYED HIS ROLE SO NATURALLY, THAT I FORGOT THAT HE WAS A SINGLE MAN. I WOULDN'T MIND A PT 3!!!! (DID JJ GET W/THE ROCK??? HMMMMM)
 if you love Tyler Perry this is definitely a must have, a movie with a cast of great well known stars.
 GREAT MOVIE.  SUPERB ACTING BY JANET JACKSON.  THIS ONE WAS BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE.
 Okay, so Janet is an AMAZING actress, I love her brother MJ so thats why I rented this. I was amazed at the emotion she put into her character, this movie is NOT for young children! She did amazing channeling the anger that Patricia had to potray, I think this is a MUST SEE movie!
 I ordered my movie on Labor Day and recieved by Friday.  It came in great condition, the box is perfect and there are no scratches on CD... I would for certain order with this seller again...
 I haven't seen a real good movie since this one came out. My husband and I went to the movies to see it and I had to buy it. Thanks for the fast shipping.
 Tyler Perry has done it again. Why Did I Get Married Too? was an excellent movie. I saw it at the theater when it first came out then I pre-ordered it through Amazon. Watching it the second time was just as good as the first. This movie hits right on the money when discussing relationships. Also, this is a clear message that life is too short so cherish the ones you love. Glad I have this in my collection.
 Wow, wow...wow! I cannot say anything else. 90% of the time the second movie is not not very good. However,in my opinion the second movie was better than the first. Its like Tyler Perry looked right into the heart and soul of men and woman and pulled out the very essence of most marriages and relationships today! This movie will be a keeper on my shelf and a constant reminder of why we always need to reach beyond ourselves and trust GOD to lead us and get rid of our selfish natures. I loved it, well done Mr. Perry!
 I have to admit I did not recognize any actor in the movie from any previous play. As such, the five husbands and four wives all sounded real and believable as well. Four middle class black families stayed close together and managed to support each other as hard as the fast pace of society could permit. They all shared the temptation of sexual gratification, materialistic satisfaction, and light spirited judgment, despite of their slightly diverse backgrounds.  The movie narrates four parallel life stories that shared marriage for convenience.  People who could get jobs, must find a spouse, build home, and have kids.  The new nests that was intended to bring tranquility to life were threatened from inside as well as from outside.  Internally, the mistakes of the individuals' past were lurking inside traumatized souls and would soon return to haunt the individual in similar circumstances to those of his/her past.  Externally, job insecurity and social interaction would impose constant challenges on the marital bond.  Each family struggled with ego, selfishness, and short temper.  When money was tight, man's spousal abuse kicked in and split one of the four families.  When money was abundant, jealousy kicked in and occupied an insecure wife to bash her husband to complete submission. When money was not a factor, a well educated attorney aimed for greener grass than hers. When a wife excelled academically ahead of her husband, paranoia and selfishness poisoned the souls that led to loss of life.  The fat and least educated wife endured abuse till the bitter end of divorce. Even divorce did not relieve her from her abuser. The obnoxious and nosey wife succeeded with her relentless battles to overwhelm her husband. The most educated wife could not relate to love or settle down before ending the life of her husband. The successful and young attorney wife let her fantasy spoil her intimate ties with her husband.  Violence was properly presented, as it would in real life, with the least of exaggeration.  All black and athletic males acted with greater restraints and integrity than the clich&eacute; stereotyping presented in white-dominated movies.  They did not snap, hit, or attack randomly or arbitrarily, but rather reasoned, weighed and made the best decisions.  The apparent trend in the scenarios of the four families was the lack of any church activities, the indulgence in travel, fun, and work. Through life tragedies, they learned to let go and tide their lives' harshest episodes for the sake of saving their fragile bonds.
 One of the best (and maybe the best) Janet Jackson's performance in a film. In a scene, she looks like her dead brother Michael like never. Very good film and actress performance.
 I enjoyed the movie. I was upset at the end of the show but overall, I enjoy ALL of Tyler Perry movies
 This movie came fast and in good shape. the disk is clean and works perfectly. i will deffinately order from this company again!
 Such a great film from dedicated and passionate paranormal researchers. I didn't know what to think when I bought this but am so glad I did. It has some of the best evidence of the paranormal out there along with some very intense and scary moments. It's very real and down to earth because these guys and gals didn't do it for some TV channel, they did it to showcase the paranormal to the world and show how haunted the state of Iowa really is. 5 STARS ACROSS THE BOARD!!
 What kind of man gets himself in such a pickle that --- on his honeymoon --- he's given a gun and asked to kill a professor he's always admired?  That is the question presented to us at the beginning of "The Conformist, as Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) sits in a Paris hotel room, waiting for the call that will tell him it's time to kill the professor. If you love movies, the answer --- told in a series of flashbacks, and, on occasion, flashbacks within flashbacks --- will make for one of the most rewarding cinematic experiences of your life.  Let's get the praise out of the way right off. Bernardo Bertolucci --- known to most moviegoers for his Oscar-winning "The Last Emperor and his down-and-dirty "Last Tango in Paris --- made "The Conformist at 29. It is a young man's film, drenched in ambition. It is also Bertolucci's greatest film. Indeed, it is one of the ten greatest films I've ever seen.  My reasons?  First, "The Conformist is beautiful in the extreme. The cinematographer was the great Vittorio Storaro, and his color palette is so exquisite that Francis Ford Coppola watched this film over and over before making "The Godfather --- and then hired Storaro to shoot "Apocalypse Now. The production designer was Ferdinando Scarfiotti, whose credits include "Death in Venice and "Scarface. And Georges Delerue, who did the scores for "Jules and Jim and "Platoon", composed the music.  Then there is the acting. Trintignant is one of the most familiar faces in French cinema; this is the performance of his life. But mostly, I want to praise Dominique Sanda, then just 22 years old and making only her third movie. She plays the professor's wife, and she unfailingly strikes a remarkable balance --- on one hand, she's the loyal spouse, on another, she's a bi-sexual flirt, and on yet a third, she's the only character in the story who senses the tragedy that lies ahead.  And, finally, there is the story, adapted from the novel by Alberto Moravia, one of Italy's most seductive novelists. Sex is almost a character for Moravia, and it certainly is here --- as the title suggests, Clerici's greatest desire is to be normal, to be one of the faceless masses, to conform.  That's not so easily done in Italy in 1936. Mussolini has brought down the Fascist boot; progressives have fled the country. So Clerici takes a rich, vapid wife. He makes his accommodation with the government. And with that --- he thinks --- he's safe.  But there are no hiding places in life --- and certainly not in a dictatorship of madmen. And then there is the question of the past
 I just want to add my voice to those asking - pleading - for The Conformist to be released in a subtitled version on DVD. I first saw The Conformist when it was released about 35 years ago, and have had the good fortune to see it a few times since. (At the risk of rubbing salt in the wound of reviewer James Luckard, I did get to see it when it was at the Nuart in L.A. two years ago.) This film is just absolutely stunning in every way - Jean-Louis Trintignant is of course a great actor, but the thing I find so overwhelming with this film is the way the story, the acting, the cinematography, the lighting, the music, everything just comes together so well.
 Break out the brass section, the DVD has arrived. This landmark film like fine wine, now that it has been remastered by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, and presented with color intact in widescreen in Italian and French, emerges as a true classic. The dispicable VHS dubbed panned & scanned version that we have been watching for over 20 years can be "retired". Bernardo Bertolucci's truth is once again on display. This release sparkles with clarity, and we can thrill to the carefully presented imagery and the powerful symbolism.  Bertolucci, under 30 when he directed CONFORMIST, has become a wonderfully gifted and powerful force in cinema; and never more so than in this fledging effort. He must have storyboarded every moment. The film is tighter than a Rolex; no wasted seconds or icons. In this film he began to explore the vistas of sensuality and sexuality that only two short years later would blossom into THE LAST TANGO IN PARIS (1972); and then would spill out all over the lens and screen in his latest effort, THE DREAMERS (2003).  Alberto Moravia wrote the original novel at over 300 pages. Bertolucci did a marvelous job of extracting the essence of the protagonist, Marcello Clerici, and constructing a fabulous film, complex, lyrical yet brutal, beautiful yet shocking, shallow one moment and lethal the next, full of madness, repressed homosexuality, religious hypocracy, petty politicos, blind people, assassins, victims, and a never ending line of characters being cajoled or abused or eliminated or shamed or extolled. This is the Italy of the late 30's and early 40's, when the bald bulldog, Mussolini, strutted in the shadow of Hitler, dreaming of a new Roman Empire --about ordinary citizens who either resisted the Fascists or joined them. The ones who "resisted had to be hunted down and eliminated by the ones who "accepted Fascista "normalcy".  This is a film that needs to be seen more than once. The film opens mid-thrid act, and speeds its entirity in flashback, bringing us up to speed. Just one viewing leaves even the hardiest film buff limp and confused. Somewhere during the 2nd or 3rd viewing, Bertolucci's motives make themselves accessible and evident.  Jean-Louis Trintignant is the perfect Clerici, a successful professor, a loner, who wants to bet married and become a member of the Brown Shirts in order to "fit in"; and along the way we discover the dark side of his nature, confirming his cowardice and true nature. Stefania Sandrelli was very lovely as Guila, the young wife. But the film was stolen by the smoldering sexuality of Dominque Sanda, striking a Marlene Dietrich pose in tight pants, with her hands in her pockets, and a cigarette dangling out of one corner of her mouth. She is a woman of huge appetites and dark secrets.
 I first saw this movie on VHS, for a film course in college, and was mesmerized by it. Some of the other films in the course ("Battleship Potemkin, "Weekend, "Le Salamandre") were interesting, and I rather enjoyed them, but none captured my mind, and made me think quite in the was that Bertolucci's masterful adaptation of Alberto Moravia's novel did.  The acting is superb in this movie. Specifically, Jean-Louis Trintignant delivers an excellent performance. Touches of humor don't seem forced (I think of the scene at the brothel in particular), yet his torment and humanity are amazingly believable. The rest of the cast also give fantastic performances.  This film is widely acknowledged to be influential to many modern filmmakers, and it's easy to see why. Visually, the film never stops captivating the audience with its amazing scenery. The score helps to set the mood without forcing it upon you. This is truly a movie where just about everything is done right.  It's been a shame that this movie had not been released on DVD; when a new, restored 35mm print recently made the rounds of independent theaters, fans like myself raced to our local moviehouse to catch a showing. Now, at long last, we can own the film on something other than a bootleg VHS, and new generations can experience this wonderful film.
 They are the darkly romantic masterpices that reveal corruptions of various ilks
 I came to my first viewing of The Conformist totally without preparation, having read no reviews nor even a synopsis. The only conditioning I had was a negative bias generated by the cover picture of a man in a business suit pointing a gun, as it suggested a theme about organized crime -  a genre in which I have little interest. For those who like to be surprised and awestruck by imagery that delivers much more than expected, I recommend coming to this film without a lot of research, but its probably too late if you're reading Amazon reviews. At any rate, it was only a few minutes into this film that I began to feel that thrill of having stumbled onto something that likely represents the acme of a particular kind of artistic effort. If you prefer your movies to have a straightforward sequence of plot and action, with a dialog that's understandable in terms of everyday conversation and related to what is obvious and visible, I can almost guarantee you won't like this film. But, if you are susceptible to striking and symbolic visual imagery, and aren't put off by the flashback mode of storytelling, there's a good chance you will find it to be very worthwhile. This is a film which conveys the idea that most of the real story of individuals, or at least relatively complex ones, is hidden below surface appearances. To give expression to this hidden dimension, Bertolucci pulled out all stops and concocted a visual extravaganza which not only delights our sense of color and pattern, but which subtly bypasses the checkpoints of our rational mind and links directly to the subconscious. Certainly I base this on my own reaction and can not guarantee that it will convey such feelings to all, but I can attest to the fact that I felt strong emotional responses being evoked by quite a number of specific scenes or episodes. Other than to say that the movie explores the idea that behavior in both individuals and societies can mirror these hidden psychological factors which I mentioned, I won't say any more about the plot. Beside that, I would only add that there are sexual scenes that some might regard as being quite explicit. While I am not in favor of gratuitous sex to hold a viewer's interest, I don't think that was the intent here at all, and was not personally bothered by this. After watching the film, it would be of benefit to watch the interviews of Bertolucci and his art director, who discuss the concepts they were trying to bring to life in The Conformist. Rather than give a synopsis, I have tried, in general terms, to indicate if this film might have appeal for you. Hope this helps.
 Bernardo Bertolucci was 29 years old when he made "Il Conformista (1970) based on the novel of great Alberto Moravia.  Bertolucci wrote the script which was later nominated for The Academy Award and made the perfect film, refined, complex, and visually amazing.  The film portrays the corrupting deadly power of Fascism and does it much better than the same  director's 5 hours long "1900 (1976) and "Il Conformista does not even have a character like the monstrous Fascist, sadist-murderer Attila Mellanchini. "Attilas of the world are obvious (it does not mean that they are less dangerous) but "Marcello Clericis are not - all they want to do -is  to fit in, to be accepted, to look and act normal, to conform,  and there is no limit to how far they'd go on the road of lies and betrayal. Marcello Clerici (Jean Lois Trintignan) tries to suppress a childhood episode of sex abuse that had changed him forever and made him believe that he could become an assassin. To prove his loyalty to the fascist state, he accepts the order of the party superiors to assassinate his former college professor known for his liberal anti-fascist outlooks. The professor left Italy and resides in exile in Paris with the much younger wife (Dominique Sanda). Marcello is not a murderer but he belongs to the sort of humans on whom the famous publicist, Bruno Yasiensky gave the immortal description
 Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) is a fascist when the fascists are in power but becomes an antifascist when the fascists lose power.  Hence he is the conformist of the title of this extraordinary movie adapted by Italian film legend Bernardo Bertolucci from Alberto Moravia's novel.  But more significant than his political conformity is his ability to bend his sexual nature to what is acceptable.  The defining event of his childhood is his incomplete seduction by a gay chauffeur, whom he more or less accidentally kills.  When conformity to the fascist rule in Italy under dictator Benito Mussolini becomes the norm, Marcello marries the ordinary (but very pretty) Giulia (Stefania Sandrelli) whom he describes as "all bed and kitchen.  Marcello thereby sentences himself to a boring but secure petite bourgeois existence.  He will simply suppress his "abnormal instincts.  In a sense this is a character study using a familiar theme, that of sexual repression leading to repressive political expression, such as psychoanalytic theory assigned to the fascist mentality.  But Marcello is less interested in sadistic expression as he is with a secure existence.  He is something of a shrewd coward, cold, calculating, and indifferent to the feelings of others.  We see this strikingly in the scene in the woods when Anna Quadri (Dominique Sanda), who is being chased by fascist thugs, pounds desperately on his car window.  But he is completely unmoved and just stares at her with consummate indifference.  But what really enhances this film, making it one of the best I've ever seen, is the beautiful cinematography by Vittorio Storaro and the extraordinarily designed sets and scenes envisioned by Bertolucci.  I am reminded of Michelangelo Antonioni's gorgeous Blow Up (1966) and Swedish director Bo Widerberg's stunningly beautiful  Elvira Madigan (1967) from the same era.  I think Bertolucci wanted to make a film that was politically and psychologically significant but also one that was strikingly beautiful.  He used not only sumptuous settings but hired two of the most beautiful actresses in Sanda and Sandrelli.  And because this movie is about sex (as it almost certainly must be, having been adapted from a novel by Moravia who was a master at expressing human sexuality) Bertolucci made the movie sexy and sensual.  Sanda, whom I previously saw in Vittoria De Sica's The Garden of the Finzi-Continis which came out a year after El Comformista (1970) where she played the beautiful, enigmatic, but icy Micol Finzi-Contini, here plays Anna the bi-sexual wife of one of Marcello's college professors--the man whom Marcello has been instructed to help kill.  Sanda is exquisitely sensual as she works to seduce Giulia while at the same time both teasing and rejecting Marcello's advances.  Sandrelli is not be outdone. She too is beautiful and sensual even if the character she plays is a bit ordinary otherwise.  The scene on the train where she describes to Marcello how she was ravished as a teen by an older man (the family lawyer) is very moving sexually, and very revealing because Marcello takes her description as a guide in how to make love to his wife!  We can see clearly that he needs some instruction since he apparently is not really moved by her beauty.  While the film itself stands alone as an artistic achievement, I want to compare it to the novel from which it was adapted.  The main difference is that in the novel we learn so much more about the character of Marcello because of Alberto Moravia's use of an interior monologue throughout.  Rather than merely a conformist, in the novel we see that Marcello's character is that of someone who seeks the trappings of conformity and normality because he rightly fears he is not the entirely normal person he would like to be.  Ironically it is Giulia who nearly always conforms to what is considered normal behavior and who harbors uncritically the knee jerk beliefs and opinions that she has learned from church and state.  Marcello is attracted to her not so much because she is pretty but because she is authentically ordinary and therefore by association he too is not abnormal.  It is abnormality that Marcello fears.  The ending in the novel is also different than in the movie although the sense of who Marcello is does not change.  In the novel Quadri is a hunchback and his wife is clearly a lesbian who has married him for convenience and security, whereas in this film she is bisexual and he is more like someone she might marry for love.  Another difference is in how what happens to the Quadris and the extent to which Marcello is responsible.  Bertolucci chose to have Marcello at the scene, whereas in the novel he has no direct experience of their fate.  Of course the novel, which is over a hundred thousand words long, goes more deeply into the character of Marcello than is possible in a film.  The true psychological complexity of his character comes through, especially his struggle with sexual ambiguity.  We see more clearly why he embraced fascism.  But the film is true to the novel in most respects and certainly in the main sense that Moravia intended, that of showing how a particular type of fascist mentality arises and is maintained.  But Marcello, although an authentic fascist is not necessary a typical one.  The idea that fascists in general follow the herd and adopt a superficial and uncultured world view is no doubt largely correct, but the essence of fascism is the belief in authoritarian rule, the stratification of society, intolerance of diversity, and a willingness, even an eagerness, to use force and violence to obtain such ends.  The psychology underlying the portrait by Moravia and Bertolucci is the idea that Marcello sees in himself violent and selfish tendencies and so it is only natural that he should adopt a political philosophy that condones and acts out such tendencies.
 Getting a legitimate copy of the uncut version of THE CONFORMIST in the original language is a little like finding the holy grail of films. I've seen this version only in the original release and lately at the Los Angeles County Museum. Otherwise I've seen butchered and mutilated versions on satellite and cable television. It is one of the most beautiful films ever made, and narratively is better than the novel it is based upon. The cinematography by Vittorio Storaro is sleek and stunning and created a whole new visual vocabulary for  other filmmakers to copy. This disc is a treasure. Thank you for making  it available!
 This long-awaited DVD fulfills every expectation. The script, the editing, the cinematography, the acting, the set-dressing--every aspect impeccably considered, expertly realized--are all brilliantly captured, even enhanced, on the DVD. The bonus interviews answer questions film buffs have had for decades about how this masterpiece was able simply to happen, and should be required viewing in any serious film studies curriculum. Watching this restored print transported me instantly back to the pure excitement, the untrammelled sense of possibility, that we all experienced watching movies in the early 1970s.  If you care at all about film, this is the best $11.00 you will ever spend.
 'The Conformist' is the best synthesis of Bertolucci's interests as a director. Sex, politics and psychology unite in a maelstorm of hidden intentions. The cinematic style of the film is wonderful. Bertolucci's direction perfectly illuminates the art deco interiors of the period. The shot in which Marcello's shadow disappears from the wall in the scene where the professor tells him abouth the myth in the cave, is one of the most memorable I have ever seen on the screen. Bertolucci himself saw 'The Conformist' as an allegory about his relationship with Jean-Luc Godard whom he idolized. The professor in the movie plays the role of the father, the revolutionary. Marcello plays that of the son who wishes to kill his father in order to be free of his unconformist past. This may sound like a lot of pseudo-intellectual banter, but unlike other Bertolucci films the main charcter's psychological make-up in 'The Conformist' is fascinating in his drive to rid himself of his guilt and gain acceptance. The exceptional use of lighting creates an atmospheric dynamic sadly missing from Bertolucci's other work. The camera never seems to remain reposed for a moment and even in relatively static scenes you sense that Bertolucci could do something spontaneous and unforeseen at any second. In the years to come he would make other films that would arouse awe and surprise, but since this film he has lost his capacity to stun.
 It has been a few years since I've seen "The Conformist". But, this was the first Bernardo Bertolucci movie I ever saw. And the film has stayed with me all this time. Like some of the other customers on here, I too feel this is Bertolucci at his best.  To be honest I really can't quite remember the story-line so well. A man named Marcello (Jean Louis Trintignant)is sent to assassinate his old professor, Professor Quadri (Enzo Tararscio), who left Italy when the fascist took over.  Bertolucci managed to tell such a powerful, abosorbing story, that even in at it's most gritty moments, I couldn't turn away from the screen. There's a scene where two people are shot at that would probably be describe by people as disgusting, but, my eyes were glued to the screen. And this is the power most of Bertolucci's films have. Well, at least on me.  I too feel it's a shame this film it not available on vhs or dvd. And because of that this film is not as well known as it should be. Here is a movie that many would agree upon as being one of Bertolucci's best films, and no one can see it. All most of us can do is just recall moments of the first time we saw it.  For anyone who ever gets a chance to buy this film or even rent, do it! It will truly be one of those rare films that will always keep coming back to you.  Bottom-line
 I cannot do much to elaborate on the fine prior reviews here, except to say that Georges Delerue's spare score is integral and haunting.  It may be cinematographer Storaro's crowning achievement as a lense-man, Dominique Sanda's best outing, the classiest incorporation of Art Nouveau and Deco into a film,  and, moreover, might be Bertolucci's most cohesive, unified work. It's simply, forgive an abused word, stunning on every darned level.
 In this film, Jean-Louis Trintignant is a conflicted double agent caught between the old Italalian Fascists and his new left-wing bosses.  I had forgotten how good an actor Trintignant is.  This is available in the original Italian but I also watched the english dubbed version and it is fine.  The direction by Bernardo Bertolucci is excellent.  His framing of the scenes bould not be improved upon.
 This film is made the way Hollywood has forgotten how to do.  It is beautifly shot and the camera composition and lighting is unbelievable.  It is a film that is text book great!
 Many cinephiles have been waiting for this one for years; now it's here, and it's going to be a treat to see the stunning cinematography in DVD quality.  The Conformist includes a prominent discussion of Plato's cave, and true to that theme, light is a major thematic element throughout the film, so it's well worth seeing at the best resolution possible.  Oh, and it's a terrific movie, full of glamour, intrigue, sex, and betrayal.  Really one of the more perfect movies ever made, which makes it a shame that Bertolucci never made anything this flawless again.
 So desperate is Marcello, portrayed by Jean-Louis Trintignant ("The Outside Man") to lead a normal life after he suffers through the psychological  trauma of a sexual confrontation with the family chauffeur (played by the bizarre Pierre Clementi) when he was a child. As an adult he eventually succumbs to the political upheavals of Hitler's Nazi machine during the 1930's and conforms to Prime Minister Mussolini's fascist regime of Italy. Working as an agent for the government he's assigned a mission to assassinate a college professor in Paris France whom Mussolini believes to be a threat to the fascist party. The murder is to take place while he's honeymooning with his newly wedded wife played to perfection by the lovely and charming Stefania Sandrelli ("Desideria"), and who manages to steal every scene she's in.  While ploting the assassination in Paris he encounters a problem by falling in love with the professor's wife (Dominque Sanda, who also starred in Bertolucci's "1900").  Matters are further complicated not only by  his attraction to the professor's wife, but his marriage as well as  his (manufactured) loyalty to the fascist regime. The eventual ending indicates what the title is and what he's always been throughout his life. Lavishly shot by the brilliant Vittorio Storaro (Apocalypse Now & Last Tango In Paris), this is considered Bernardo (The Spider's Stratagem & The Last Emporer)  Bertolucci's "breakthrough film and perhaps his greatest acheivement in cinema as he was also nominated for an Oscar  for his screenplay. This mesmerizing look at the social values of World War II Italy is not to be missed and remains one of the all-time great films of the 70's.  olofpalme63
 I don't have much to add to all others who rewied this film
 Every cinematographer should study this film as an example of how to make interiors look great and static scenes look energetic.  The costumes and locations are also excellent.  Rarely does a film empathize with a treacherous character like this fascist hitman, who is running from his own demons.  It seems to really capture the mood of 1930's Europe.
 If the state doesn't model itself on the image of the individual, how will the individual ever be able to model itself in the image of the state? The Conformist was directed by directed by Bernardo Bertolucci in 1970. It has a dreamlike story arch that opens your mind in a familiar 1970's fashion.  There were many philosophical, risky, and challenging films that came out during this time period. The Conformist is certainly one of the leaders of the genre. The story moves as effortlessly through past & present as it does through style & substance.  There is a lot going on here. Every frame holds answers and asks questions. This is essentially the story of a man with some seriously heavy things on his mind.  He is about to be married because he wants to be normal. His father is an institutionalized insane war criminal. Furthermore, he accidentally killed a man when he was 13.  This could possibly have set the tone for his entire decadent life. All of this has lead him up to his position as a card carrying member of the of the fascist secret police under Mussoli. He is a given a mission that only he can accomplish. He must get close to a man he greatly admires, and take him out.  On the outside he is normal, through the worlds eyes he is everything but that. All of this and he still desires to conform. Every strange element and experience this charter has is a statement by the director, Bernardo Bertolucci. The Conformist is an art film. It is deep, thoughtful, and striking. It is most certainly way out there, and at times, firmly planted in reality. The abstract line that it so confidently walks is it's greatest charm.
 For my money Bertolucci's very best film. It combines many his recurring themes; politics (especially fascism in Italy and it's effects), sexuality and identity, the need to belong, the struggle to be an individual.  The film perfectly walks a knife's edge between realism and surrealism, supported by Vitorio Storraro's breathtaking and unique cinematography.  The film works brilliantly on a simple realist level. A sort of political thriller and character study (much like Coppola's 'The Conversation') we follow an agent of Mussolini's secret police (a great performance by Jean-Louis Trintignant, even dubbed into Italian) as he's sent to assassinate one of his old professors, now teaching in exile in Paris. On that level the film is filled with odd twists and turns as Marcello tries to carry out his mission.  But there's also something larger and more mysterious being explored here, from the constant not-quite-realistic images, to Marcello's occasionally very odd (and sometimes funny) behavior, to the flashbacks to an early homosexual encounter, we are trapped, with the character, in a sort of Kafkaesque dream world. It's as if somehow Bertolluci has pulled off the very neat trick of making a film that' simultaneously objective and subjective, a dream and a reality, surreal and hyper-real. And he makes the two dance together to create a bigger whole.  My only tiny quibble;, a few moments seem a little too on the nose in their symbolism for a film of such subtlety, but that's a tiny complaint about a great film.  The US DVD isn't quite up to the visual level of the new UK Arrow blu-ray, but is certainly good enough to make it worth-while.
 Fascism,existentialist-style,with monologues,introspection and inactive brooding.Marcello's wife is the conformist,obedient to dictates of church and state,which is why Marcello marries her,and she offsets his shame at his mad father,addicted mother.Marcello struggles with abnormal tendencies,having shot Lino,a homosexual chauffeur when he was a teenager.He is uneasy with abnormality.The need for normality drives him to conform to society's mores,embrace fascism,marry a mediocre conventional,sensual woman.Safety in the herd,fear of being different,makes Marcello join a movement given to abnormality,and that asks him to repeat the action he ran away from
 A visually stunning, subjective, psychological study of one man's pursuit of 'normalcy.' The plot is non-linear and revealed through a multilayered series of flashbacks. The portrait is rich with scenes of entrapment, Freudian undertones, and homosexuality. Dominique Sarda sizzles as the lesbian wife of the professor. The cinemetography is masterful. This is a film that withstands, and may require, repeated viewings to absorb its complexities. Compare Bertolucci's adapation to Moravia's novel, <a href="http
 It is a year of Bernardo Bertolucci's revival.  Everyone was talking about "The Conformist this year and I have decided to see the film again.  Based on Moravia's book, film depicts young man, in his early thirties, doing his best to fit in society of the fascist Italy of the pre world war II era.  The entire film is symbolism of man's search for himself and discovery of one's true identity.  Marcello, the main character of the story, is a member of the secret fascist group in charge of hunting down and eliminating exiled intellectuals.  In the course of the assignment, which incidentally takes place during Marcello's honeymoon in Paris, Marcello reconnects with his former philosophy professor he is tasked to eliminate.  With flashbacks from his childhood and completion of the assignment, Marcello finally uncovers that behind the facade of happily married man and a father, he is damaged homosexual whose denial led him to a life of professional assasin whose life is full of treason, murder and misplaced ideals.  This is a masterpiece of a film.  Everything is pure perfection
 Finally the complete masterpiece by Bernardo Bertolucci is on DVD in a very good restoration.  There are so many beautiful and ground-breaking scenes that one cannot enumerate them all.  One I will mention is the scene where Sandrelli is in a black and white diagonally-patterned dress moving about and dancing in a room with horizontal shadows created by gently moving venetian blinds.  Mesmerising.  Dominique Sanda is enigmatic and a perfect ploy for the conflicted thoughts and sexual longings of Trintignant.  The cinematography by the genius Storaro is breathtaking and the costumes and locations are authentic and beautifully gloomy - the locations, that is.  It's great to have this seminal movie of the early seventies issued again on DVD and is essential for any film aficianado.
 "Visually complex, doesn't quite cover this one -- more like "Greatest production design and cinematography since Citizen Kane. I feel guilty it took me so long to see this film, but I'm content in knowing that I saw it at a point in my viewing where I could actually appreciate what's going on in the frame compositions -- let alone the comment that Bertolucci is making on facism. The final scene blew my mind, which is hard to believe since I was practically hyperventilating after the first 15 minutes. The only critique that I could possibly make is that the violence in the film looks horribly fake -- a notion that is completely negated by the fact that The Conformist served to inspire the visual language that was used in films like The Godfather and The Unbearable Lightness of Being, to the point where it's legitimately prophetic. (10/10)
 "The Conformist was Bernardo Bertolucci's first real masterpiece, where his editing style matured, thanks to Franco Arcalli. Bertolucci adapted the screenplay from Alberto Moravia's novel of the same name. Where the naturalistic tones and lack of visual contrivance typical in the cinema of the early 1970s can look amateurish or flat today, "The Conformist exudes visual power through Vittorio Storaro's contrasting light and shadows and Ferdinando Scarfiotti's art direction. The sensuous glamour of 1930s Paris accentuates this powerful story of the Conformist, a man driven by his intense desire for normalcy in spite of his own nature, at a time when conformity meant fascism.  In Mussolini's Italy of the 1930s, Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) intends to construct a "normal life to ease his constant feelings of otherness. He proposes marriage to Guilia (Stefania Sandrelli), a frivolous young petite bourgeoise. He disposes of his mother's drug-dealing lover. He joins the Secret Police to ferret out the nonconformists. He is assigned the task of assassinating an anti-fascist expatriate living in Paris, where he and Guilia will be honeymooning. The man is Professor Quadri (Enzo Tarascio), whom Marcello knew as a student. But just as Marcello despises dissent and individualism, he is irresistibly drawn to it in the form of Quadri's beautiful and daring young wife Anna (Dominque Sanda).  Shifts in time early in the movie are disconcerting, but the unease created by the discontinuity echoes Marcello's discomfort with his own nature. Bertolucci has changed the ending. I might have preferred the ending from the book, though they both express futility. The bachelor party scene actually did not make the "final cut, but was unearthed and added to the DVD version. Though it is a curious scene, I could have done without. But "The Conformist is an uncompromising commentary on the implications of conformity under the wrong circumstances, as seen in a man who is smart enough to know very well what he is doing and why. Strange that he is almost sympathetic. Italian with optional subtitles.  The DVD (Paramount 2006)
 Based on a novel by Alberto Moravia, Bertolucci's provocative, dramatic thriller explores the twisted psychology of Mussolini-era Fascism and its eventual demise as played out in the assassination drama of Marcello, who becomes perversely attracted to his target's bisexual wife, the alluring Anna (Dominique Sanda). Bertolucci's handling of the interlocking flashbacks, his exquisite sense of pacing, and the wonderfully fluid camerawork of lensman Vittorio Storaro all lend an additional harmony to this fascinating Technicolor tale of doomed decadence and latent desire in Fascist Italy. And what about that sizzling Sanda-Sandrelli tango?
 Bernardo Bertolucci's film, "the conformist (il conformista) is probably the director's best. Bertolucci is also credited for writing the script in collaboration with the well known novelist Alberto Moravia. Jean-Louis Trintignan gives an excellent performance as a small time opportunist, who thrives in the fascist regime of Mussolini's Italy in the 1930s. Under the superficial appearance of order and morality the viewer is allowed to sense the repressive, immoral and hypocritical nature of the state, in which betrayal, infidelity, pedophilia and even murder are not only tolerated but even promoted and supported by the regime. The slow hypnotic pace of the film, photographed in low lighting and accompanied by a perfectly matching and almost ominous soundtrack creates the proper milieu. There is throughout the film an aura of repressed sexuality with homoerotic overtones, perfectly interpreted by the acting of Dominique Sanda and Stefania Sandreli.
 many thanks to paramount, the edition is very very good and the bonus interesting. finally one of the most important italian fims of all time has been edited.
 All I would like to add to the other ***** reviews is that the dance hall scene  alone would justify seeing "The Conformist even if the rest of it weren't as good as it as.
 Considering some of the films I've given 5 stars there's no way this gets less than 6 out of 5. Rich viewing
 This film reveals how there's an ingredient of every political movement in everyone. It's a stylish and scary film about the rise of fascism in Italy in the 1930's and 40's The brilliant story demostrates how both repulsive and attractive the sinister ways of fascism were to many iItalians. If you enjoy The Conformist you have to see The Spider's Strategem. Another masterpiece by Bernado Bertolucci
 This is my all time favorite Pink Panther film. I think that I like it the best of the series as is dwells so totally on Herbert Lom's madness, which is, of course, entirely caused by Clouseau. The opening scene of the film sets the pace, with the brilliant slapstick 'Dreyfus in the lake' segment (I am particularly fond of the role of the rake in that scene.)  The characterizations of Dreyfus and Clouseau are totally wonderful in this film. Watching Dreyfus descend into total madness is one of the all time greatest comic performances. Sellers as Clouseau is wonderful playing off of Lom, in such great segments as the 'hallucinatory dentist' and the 'hunchback and the bomber' scenes. This film is much less subtle than my other favorite from the series  A Shot in the Dark , but what it loses in subtlety, it gains in situational humor unrivalled in any other comedy ( Does your dog bite? ... No. ... I thought you said your dog did not bite. ... That is not my dog. ) Only Sellers could make these scenes work, and work they do, brilliantly so.  There are so many great scenes and lines that I couldn't possibly list them. Some of the best lines ever written for a comedy are in this film. To go with the brilliance of the script, the excellent direction from Blake Edwards, the always entertaining animated credits, the beautiful sets, the acting from everyone, led, of course, by Sellers and Lom, is letter perfect. The DVD is an excellent transfer, and very pleasant to watch. The only real options are language and subtitle related, though there is an original trailer. I would have loved to have seen some outtakes as extras. Reportedly the cast frequently broke up laughing during the filming of this movie, and there is no wonder, given how funny the material is.  I first saw this in the theater when I was a kid. I loved it so much then that I went back several more times, and never tired of it. Now, almost thirty years later, I still never tire of this film. If you haven't seen  The Pink Panther Strikes Again , by all means do so at once. If you have, it's time to get reacquainted with a brilliant old friend!
 This is by far the best of the Pink Panther series of movies.  Sellers is a comedic genius and the funniest Clousseau scenes are in this film.  I saw this on the big screen while in grade school and vividly remember my friend and I bowled over in tears laughing so hard.  This is the movie with such memorable scenes as
 The inimitable Peter Sellers strikes again as Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau, in this fourth installment of the classic "Pink Panther series, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again, directed by Blake Edwards.  Given the fact that the assessment of comedy is intrinsically subjective, this film is arguably laugh for laugh and sight gag for sight gag the funniest of the five (followed closely by the second of the series, the hilarious farce, "A Shot In The Dark).  In this one, former Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) is about to be released from the mental hospital-- in which he has resided since being driven crazy by Clouseau-- when on the very afternoon of his hearing he is visited by none other than Clouseau himself, who has come to speak on behalf of his former boss.  Suffice to say that by the time Clouseau is through "helping, he is driven from the premises by the relapsed, raving madman, Dreyfus.  And it's only the beginning of the inept French Inspector's antics that, before it is over, will include a trip to the Ocktoberfest, encounters with a dozen hit-men from around the world, a beautiful Russian spy named Olga (Lesley-Anne Down), a surprise Egyptian spy (who will remain nameless) and a one-man assault on a castle.  As Laurel and Hardy proved so many times before, for every action there is a reaction; a theorem of which proof is unequivocally provided here by the relationship between Sellers and Lom.  This was the film in which Edwards and his stars not only further devised, but honed to perfection, their foolproof formula for laughs
 Dreyfus, Clouseau's old boss, has gone mad and wants to destroy the world with his X-ray machine in this movie. Our only hope is the incompetent chiefinspector, Jaques Clouseau, played by the comic genious Peter Sellers (1925-1980, died of a heart attack). Are you looking for the best classical Clouseau-scenes? This one includes the non-biting dog (really?), the inspector as a tooth-pulling dentist in disguise, and his attempt to get over a moat! As in the other Pink Panther films, this too hasn't got a really credible and reliable story, but that's just a part of all the fun. Watch it over and over again, and notice all the funny details and mistakes Clouseau makes. This is the best Pink Panther movie, no doubt about it! You MUST get this one in your collection!
 It should really come as no surprise to anyone that my favorite of the Pink Panther movies is the 1976 laugh-out-loud fest THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN. I am a big fan of the James Bond movies and here we have the Pink Panther at its most James Bond-ish with a madman holding the world to ransom from his atop his remote secret lair. I am also a huge Lesley-Anne Down fan (see my review of 1981's SPHINX) and she appears here as a Russian secret agent. There really is no unfunny sequences in this movie and Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau is in top form. Returning as Clouseau's tortured superior Dreyfus is the always excellent Herbert Lom who, after having failed to eliminate Clouseau himself decides to kidnap a scientist, build a super weapon and have the rest of the world send their best assassins to kill the hapless Inspector. Of course things do not go according to plan for the villain and through luck, timing and happenstance a myriad of agents fail as the oblivious Clouseau wanders through the scenes. One of my favorite scenes is the attempt by Clouseau to interrogate the staff of an English manor following the kidnapping of the professor. Just check out a couple of the exchanges, all handled expertly by Sellars. Shawk
 I saw this movie at 13 when it was released during the holidays in 1976 (its big competition was Dino De Laurentis' KING KONG), and I think the Panther won.  I absolutely loved it
 I agree with a few of the other reviewers -- this is the best of the series in terms of comedic moments.  From the opening scene the laughs never stop.  If you only watch one Clouseau movie, this is the one to get.
 This was the first Panther film I was old enough to remember seeing on the big screen, and it is without a doubt the funniest and most entertaining. I have to say I have never seen the appeal of the first one.For me, the first  Panther film merits about 3 stars, and Return and Shot in the Dark were  about the same. This one kicks, and is just right. We also get to see a  hot-looking Lesley Anne Down.  This film does not waste any time and  is full of what Clouseau does best. There are plenty of gag-destructive  sequences to make you laugh out loud(best scene is where he is trying to  penetrate the Chateau), and Dreyfuss(Herbert Lom) is in rare form here. The  opening credits are some of the best as well that is a parody of different  films like Sound of Music, Dracula, King Kong, and Singin in the Rain!  Excellent in every way and definitely the best in the series.Don't waste  your time with REVENGE OF THE PINK PANTHER and those other ridiculous  sequels(CURSE OF, ON THE TRAIL OF)
 O.K.Panther fans this along with A SHOT IN THE DARK are the absolute best of the 9(or is it 10 now?)Clouseau series-from The very beginning with Herbert Lom(who by the way is laugh for laugh with the one of a kind Sellers)ready to be released from the psyco ward and the brilliant pond scene-to the Former chief inspector trying to rid once and for all CLOUSEAU(can't he realize even James Bond himself could not get rid of Clouseau,as a matter of fact I see Clouseau killing Bond although Clouseau would not know he did)There is the classic news paper scene "FRENCH DETECTIVE ARRESTED IN RAID"Sellers look on his face and how he is putting his hand in front of the camera is priceless(I'm laughing now as I think about it) Also the interrogating the staff as got to be seen to be believed(a bee keeper who's lost his voice and a vitness to mehrdar)THE dentist seen was very funny how Blake Edwards kept a steady camera on that scene is any one's guess also a plus is the very beautiful Lesley-Anne Down.So panther fans or just lovers of great comedy get this with A SHOT IN THE DARK and you have 2 times the laugh.Mark my words Franz-waa! NOTE
 The Pink Panther series is one that is well worth collecting for those gems that you just can't help watching time and again. This movie features classic scenes such as the parallel bars stunt  Nothing like a good warm up, when you're on the case you know , the superb priceless Steinway interrogation and lines such as  Does your dog bite?... . A little predictable? Yes. Laugh-out-loud funny? Yes. Worth adding to your collection? Definitely.
 If you REALLY want to get an understanding of where Mike Myers got the inspiration for the shagadelic superspy, don't bother with the old James Bond or  Our Man Flint  mobies from the '60's...those movies owe more to the era in which they were made than the development of the main character. &gt; No, the ORIGINAL Austin Powers was none other than Inspector (later  CHIFF  Inspector, but that's another movie) Jacques Clouseau, every bit as much a credit to French  leau  enforcement as is Austin Powers to British secret service.  Even though the  Pink Panther  franchise was originally created to be more of a spoof on the old pulp/film noir genres best typlified with  The Maltese Falcon , et al, this particular entry in the series provides a secret agent parody that even Mike Myers would have to admit exceeds his own (extremely brilliant) undertakings on the same subject. &gt; I won't touch on the plot, but the recommendation is simple; if you enjoyed any of the Austin Powers movies, you will love this one, no doubt about it.  Jump on it with both feet!
 <a href="http
 The fourth installment in Edwards's riotous Pink Panther series revolves, like the other spy-movie spoofs, around the ingenious comic talents of Sellers, whose klutzy Clouseau is hilariously straight-faced and pratfall-prone. Lom hams it up as master villain Dreyfuss, while Lesley-Ann Down adds some kittenish sex appeal as a slinky Soviet spook who gives up the chase when she falls for the clueless Frenchman. Wonderfully lunatic sequences--like a slow-motion kung-fu fight--and plenty of silly sight gags will keep you in stitches.
 THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN is a bit of a dichotomy. It starts off extremely humorous with a base in some form of reality. However, as the film progresses its drifts into the world of the surreal. This film does contain some extremely good scenes but it almost comes off as a very strange dream. Herbert  Lom really comes into his own in this film. He is outrageously funny and steals this film. Mancini's theme and score is once again on target and extremely innovative. This is a fun outing in all.
 This hysterical romp is the funniest of the funniest movies made. Ten stars for Inspecteur Clouseau.
 A Mouse That Roared, Dr. Strangelove, A Shot In The Dark, The Magic Christian, and now, The Pink Panther Strikes Again. The fourth movie in the Pink Panther series is the best, bettering even A Shot In The Dark. This time, Clouseau must stop his former supervisor, Dreyfus, now a power-crazed madman, from destroying the world with a superlaser that preempts the laser from Grand Moff Tarkin's Death Star by two years. Herbert Lom's talents as Dreyfus are nowhere better than in this movie. We clearly see a man driven further to the edge, and carrying his goal to kill Clouseau to new heights, especially by holding the world hostage in exchange for Clouseau, dead or alive, preferably dead. And yes, that nervous twitch in his eye has gotten worse. The scenes with the assassins at the Oktoberfest hilariously shows that Clouseau is a lucky son-of-a-gun, narrowly avoiding certain death. Of particular interest is the scene in the public restroom. Just when you think the movie can't get any better, along comes Lesley Anne-Down (Georgina Wellsley in Upstairs Downstairs) as Russian agent Olga Beriosova,  who and one of the sexiest femme fatales I've ever seen onscreen. She only has ten minutes of screen time altogether but I had to wipe the steam off the TV both times, especially in the final scene. Some gags are repeated from other movies.  The tearing of Clouseau's trousers, his falling into a pool of water, having someone remember what Clouseau was saying, and Clouseau stepping on someone's foot all came from A Shot In The Dark. Then there's Clouseau's mutilation of English words, especially "room from Return Of The Pink Panther. However, take note that the apartment rumble between Clouseau and Cato are the most destructive and funniest in all the series. Like all British movies, familiar faces pop up in small roles and cameos. The plummy Michael Robbins (Dr. Who-The Visitation) plays a butler who leads an interesting double life. There's Patsy Smart, who was Miss Roberts in Upstairs Downstairs, as a servant, Damaris Hayman (the white witch Ms. Hawthorne in Dr. Who-The Daemons), as a not-so-alert woman who mistakes Clouseau's attempts to save Dreyfus as a kind of romantic love, Tony Simpson (cameos in Are You Being Served? and The Tales Of Tiffany Jones) as a very old but alert gardener, Leonard Rossiter (Reginald Perrin) as the British inspector who becomes a victim of Clouseau's bumbling in a very painful way, and Deep Roy, (Dr. Who-Talons Of Weng Chiang as Mr. Sin), as a midget assassin,  One of the funniest gags involve the rendition of a classic joke about a man asking another man if his dog bites. Another is his response to the destruction of "a precious Steinway, and his entanglement with a suit of armour. And Clouseau's repeated attempts to penetrate Dreyfus's stronghold are akin to Wile E.Coyote's attempts to get Roadrunner--something else funny and cruel prevents him. Oh yes, and there's the scene where's he's disguised as a dentist and where he and Dreyfus succumb to laughing gas. Of the Pink Panther collection, this one and A Shot In The Dark are the sparkling jewels, so make ruum for it in your video or DVD collection, you swann. Ruum? Oh, you mean room? That's what I said, you fool! Ruum!
 Hardly a vase is left unsmashed. Every great movie hit is parodied, even some movies made long after.  Everything associated with the Peter Sellers/Inspector Clouseau series comes to a full and glorious peak.  What is surprising is that this movie remains fresh even after all these years.  When Clouseau's servant Kato attacks him as he enters his apartment the resulting martial arts send-up is like a Jackie Chan outtake.  There's even a glamorous Russian assassin wearing little more than a fur coat to outdo all the Bond girls.  Herbert Lom plays the insane Former Chief Inspector Dreyfus with the manic glee of a little boy running amok, cheerfully reprising bits of his role in "Phantom of the Opera".  It has to be mentioned that Lom takes a pratfall with as much grace and panache as Sellers.  The scenes where both appear together are comic masterpieces.  This is the movie where Sellers destroys the audience merely by saying, "Room in Inspector Clouseau's ridiculous and phony French accent. It might be an old dog by now, but the trick still works, as does the joke.  President Gerald Ford is memorialized in this 1976 movie, with a look-alike actor stumbling over his feet in the mock Oval Office. I think the real Ford only fell once getting out of the Presidential helicopter, but the comics feasted on it for years.  Another scene in this movie that no longer feels the same is the one in which the madman Dreyfus erases the UN Building in New York -- people running through the streets unfortunately called to mind the events in 2001.  When this movie was filmed the skyline of New York did not have the twin towers of the WTC. The little flashback this scene engendered in my mind is not the fault of the movie.  It was the world that changed...That the movie could still make me laugh after that is a testament to its comic power.  Five stars still...the world needs to laugh.  The clueless innocence of Inspector Clouseau is still a potent remedy for what ails us.
 The fourth installment in the immensely popular  Pink Panther  series is definitely one of the funniest.  It also shows just how talented  the great Peter Sellers is.  Sellers is a comic genius, talented not just  in physical comedy but verbal as well (one of the best examples of this is  his  interrogation  of the staff at the professors home).  He  excells in his portrayal of Clouseau and his ability to always maintain a  high level of dignity no matter how silly he looks (after falling down the  stairs he gets up and exclaims  That felt good ).  Everything  from his goofy accent to his hilarious interactions with the other  character's (especially Kato and his  former chief inspector )  are enjoyable.  Any fan of the series will love this installment.
 Best ever...great laugh! I will buy more Peter Sellers is awesome! Wish there were more of these straightforward comedies, without violence & sex
 FELLOWS!! I JUST HAVE TO SAY THAT THE PURCHASE WAS REALLY GOOD, ARRIVED ON TIME AND I AM TOTALLY SATISFIED AND LAUGHING UNTIL NOW! PETER SELLERS ROCKS, THERE IS NOBODY LIKE HIM UNTIL TODAY!!
 Probably the best of the Pink Panther movies with my favorite scenes
 There are many Pink Panther movies, the work of Blake Edwards, Peter Sellers et al was quite productive.  This movie should come with a warning that viewers could experience life-threatening paroxysms of laughter, and for sheer, diabolical comic intensity, this movie takes the cake.  "Ah- yes, it is all coming back to me now...  I was fortunate to hear Sellers' performances on the old Goon Show as a child, and the experience was quite formative of my sense of humor.  Some say Monty Python is the epitome of British humor, but I think the center of that storm lies further back, closer to the Goons.  The chemistry of the characters in "Strikes Again was transcendental.  They inspire me to relate to others similarly in my real life, which has been, of course, nothing but a cartoon on many occasions.
 My Father loves this movie and I found it on Amazon.com for a GREAT Price!!! This was a gift and it arrived in a timely fashion.
 It was very awesome 2 b able 2 find the movies I watched b4. Because the first 1's I had grew legs & walked off. LOL Thank U so much. I am enjoying them.
 Since there have been other reviewers here who have taken the time to write in detail why this movie was so good, I will just agree in saying that it is indeed an excellent film! It is by far the best in the entire Pink Panther series and will have you laughing the entire time. If you enjoy this film, be sure to check out the rest of the series.
 Growing up as a teenager I always had my favorite comedy and favorite stars. This movie arrived on time. Great condition and just happy with my products! Memories are back 
 I had recentley bought scary movie 1. i love that movie. i got and it was great. i give it 5 stars *****
 this is a really funny movie click the add to cart button because youll be laughing your butt off the entire time (NOT FOR KIDS HAS NUDITY AND BAD JOKES AND CUSSING)
 I'm one of those people who is all for parodies, especially one making fun of Ghostface, and I know what you did last Summer. I bought this movie for my birthday sleepover so all of my friends could watch it, and I could keep it for myself. It was a big hit! Some of the scenes may be EXTREMELY crude, but it isn't going overboard too much, so it was insanely funny to watch. So, if you love to watch parodies, I would definatly recommend this movie! But if you want something more along the lines of a Parody about horror characters like Freddy, Jason, Michael, pinhead, and others, watch the movie Stan Hellsing. It is by the same director, so if you like this movie, you'll definately love Stan Hellsing too!
 A really good parody! I found thuis movie quite funny! I think it was a great movie. I think it is super funny. I think it is a greatm Spoof of I Know What You Did Last Summer & Scream very funny! 
 It was a great spoof movie.  I was cracking up all the way through.  Much much better than "Not Another Teen Movie".  If you don't like spoofs,vulgarity, drug references and the like, then you won't like this.
 the first time i watched this movie...i could not stop laughing from the beginning. i came out with my side aching from laughing and my mouth hurting from grinning. i watch it the other day and eperiance the same reaction. this movie is a must see film for those who enjoy the wayan brothers and for those who watched 'I Know What You Did Last Summer'  and 'Scream'. Watching this movie makes you laugh instead of scream when you do get around to wacthing these horror movies again. Get this movie you won't regret it!!
 Scary Movie is an instant movie classic.Director Keenan Ivory Wayans outdies himself in a spoof of horror films involving an innocent teenager named Cindy Campbell who's being stalked by a goofy killer in a cheap rendition of Scream.Though funny to watch,Scary Movie also has it's share of gross-out gags and laughs.The way Wayans slanders horror films is so funny that you can't help but laugh out loud.
 Very hilarious but disgusting in the same time 
 Scary Movie~ Jon Abrahams is one of the best parodies of all time. They have like totally hit the horror genre right on. The movies that they spoof are plentifull, like I know what you did last summer, scream ofcourse, and many others. Ann Faris is right on the mark with her like parody of Cindy in the scream movies. Some of my favortite scenes are the scene when cindy talks with her father, the carmen electra death scene, cindy getting wasted and the garage scene with the fake 40's (gotta love the labels like cult 45, killer and satan) with first like a the classic cat scene and then a horse?. The music is also carbon copy of bad horror movies and the acting is over the top just like in bad horror movies. This is a movie not to be missed. Highly recommended.
 Man this is funny. This is the type of comedy I can keep watching forever. I just saw someone give this a one star. WHAT! This was hilarous. The second one was better though but I still give this a five. On the next scary movie they should make fun of chucky or jason. That would be nice to see
 So thats where that saying comes from. This movies takes the sheer mickey out of all the teen scream movies of the 90s era... and does it well.  Basing it's storyline on the Scream series, you get a storyline that becomes so funny that you know sequels are going to be made...Even if they said it's not going to happen. (of course it has, twice). The opening scene with Carmen Electra is a real hoot and as for the bedroom scene in the middle...
 This is a great spoof of horror movies and it shows just how dumb some horror movies are.  Yes it is a very crude movie with lots of sexuel refrences, it will still make you laugh.  Not for younger viewers.  So don't let your kids watch it unless you watch it first.  This is the second best in the series.  The third one is the best and the second one is my least favorite because it was way to gross.  Good features in this disk, all in all, this is a great buy.  I hope they bring out a box set when the third comes out onto dvd.  Oh ya, the fourth one is coming out soon.
 First of all, this film is not for serious film purists, unless you enjoy the total absurdity of life at large. Yeah, it's a parody, but it's so much better than the many films it parodies (Scream, I Know What You Did...etc.). The Wayans always only want to have fun, and I respect comparisons to ZAZ and the Farrely's.  Aside from inspired casting (Ric Ducommun as the dad and Lochlyn Munro as the helpless cameraman), the others take this script (no doubt with loads of improv) to great levels. Anna Faris should win an award somewhere, if only because she played this whole idiot role with a straight face and ultimate conviction; she's a riot, a rare comedian who doesn't pretend to to be funny. A real natural! Regina Hall is particularly delightful when she's being intimate with Roy, but all he wants is to see her in his football outfit. The rapid-fire script adds to this when she's in the theatre and annoys everyone...my favorite was when the Pope jumps up and says "You ruined "Big Momma's House (how many people caught that?). I don't know; it's so funny ALL the time, and repeated viewings make me find new stuff to laugh at. The good looking Dave Sheridan made himself look so goofy as Doofy, and I appreciated Andrea Nemeth's performance as Heather as a direct take-off of Reese Witherspoon in "ELECTION", a really fine film.  Cheri Oteri, the Wayans guys, Shannon Elizabeth...all a treat. Everything about this film is a treat, if you know how to kick back and mellow. If you don't know the films it's parodying, it will still make you laugh...unless you're so jaded that you've forgotten how...
 SCary Movie is hilarious!! It's a total spoof on all of the Teen horror/thriller movies like the Scream series, I Know What You Did Last Summer and Urban Legend. The Wayans came out swinging with this one and scored a KO. Scary Movie will have you laughing from beginning to end. Honest to God, funniest scene in the entire movie is when the Gym Teacher (Ms Mann) crosses her legs. Oh and by the way, there is a lot of sexual humor in this movie and of course some nudity and drug use and swearing but other than that, it's funny as hell. I wouldn't suggest this to any younger viewers because of that reason. I just think that it has too much sexual comedy that younger viewers either won't get it or take it the wrong way. Scary Movie is a total plus. Get this one and while you're at it, get the movies that it makes fun of like the Scream series and Urban Legend. Just to add to your collection. Again, excellent movie!
 This movie was the best it was so funny! I definately recomend it and Scary Movie 2! Both will leave you falling out of your chair in laughter!
 Scary Movie has got to be the funniest film that i have seen this year.  After seeing Sream and I know What You Did Last Summer, its a refreshing change to watch a film like this.  From the opening scenes with Carmen Electra aka Drew getting killed to the twist with officer dewby the film is just so funny.  There are loads of micky takes from other films with the Matrix being one of them.  If you are a fan of teen flicks then this will be good to watch as its lighthearted and puts the other films in their place
 this is the funniest movie since  airplane .i thought that was the funniest movie i had ever seen but then i saw this and its now the  funniest movie ever to me.this movie has the most bad content than any  other movie that i have ever seen.it has even more sexuality than american  pie so this one isnt for kids at all.  rated R for very strong sexual  humor,nudity(but not the kind your thinking! ),language,drug use, and  violence
 Great movie, I've seen it 4 times and wanna go back again
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Its totally pointless, but thats what makes it what it is. dont watch it just buy it. or steal it whatever you have to do to get it.
 Scary Movie was of the best comedies of 2000. With spoofs from movies like Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Blair Witch, and The Matrix, this film will be loved by all. The sexual content of the film makes it even funnier. (Not very explicit, shows very little).   In the opening scene with Carmen Electra, you know this movie will be great. Shawn and Marlon Wayans did a great job putting together this film and they got the greatest cast. The whole over-all plot with Doofy is absoleutly hilarious and you'll be laughing out loud at the end of this brilliant movie.  So, be sure to catch Scary Movie. Anybody and everybody will enjoy this spoof. Buy this DVD and enjoy. HAPPY VIEWING!
 A GREAT FILM! . The best spoof I have seen. It was nothing like I expected I thought it would just be funny but it was hilarious. If you want  to make your bladder move around buy it!
 First thoughts...Very good. Funny movie that rips off other movies. The main rip off movie is Scream. Nicely done movie. Let's go to the breakdown.  1.  Directing--Nice camera job from Keenen Ivory Wayans. Not too bad, but it could have improved in some areas. 2.  Script--Very well done writing job. I loved the way this movie ripped off other movies, and did a good job of it too. Nice job. 3.  Acting--Not too bad, but could have been better. You've got Anna Faris and Shannon Elizabeth.  Now for the content review. Rated R for strong crude sexual humor, language, drug use and violence.  1.  Sex/Nudity=9/10. This movie is pretty bad on sexual jokes and actual nudity. A few scenes of male nudity. 2.  Violence/Gore=6/10. There is some violence including blood, but it is played for laughs. None of the death scenes are scary. 3.  Language=8/10. Kind of high up there. 22 F-words and other profanities.  Final thoughts...Overall 5/5. I thought it was a very funny and well done movie. Highly recommended to comedy and horror fans.
 this movie is the funniest movie I have ever watch. yup, i have to admit it is stupid and senseless. but this is what the movie shines! funny lines, unexpected scenes and stupid spoof of other movies. strongly recommended to get if u seriously want a good laugh!!
 Scary Movie will have you laughing from beginning to end.  If you liked the whole Scream, Matrix, I Know What You Did Last Summer, and Urban Legend thing, then you will love this movie.  Spend an hour and a half picking out clips from alternate movies.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone under say 15 or 16 cause of some pretty rounchy jokes.  But for those of you that are old enough to watch this is the best movie of the year.
 This movie's hillarious.You'll laugh till..till.darnit you're gonna laugh a lot!this movie mocks everything and it's momma..You'd be a lot better off watching i know what you did last summer 1 and to, and all the screams before you go see it, that way  you'd probably find this movie a lot more funny, because you'd get all the jokes.But it's not all potty humor.all thought that's 3/4 of it.There's some stuff in here that could make the pope laugh.This is a must buy if you like horror movies but need a good laugh every once in a while.
 Scary Movie looked good from the moment I laid my eyes on it. As a teen slasher fan I loved the humor and could recognize all the parts from other films. The characters are totally clueless and some what stupid but that makes it more funny. Some of the jokes are a killer!! Scary Movie is just a hilarious rollercoaster ride of fun and mayhem. I've been waiting for a spoof like this and I got one!! If you want to laugh until you cry watch Scary Movie!
 You all heard about this movie called Scary Movie. Well for one thing it's the funniest movie ever made. It mainly was made to poke fun at Scream and I Know What You Did Lat Summer. That's why it's so funny. The sick jokes are the funniest. In my opinion the drug jokes are the funniest part. My favorite part is when the killer is chillin' with a group of guys and they are smoking pot out of a fish tank. This is the funniest movie ever made. Watch it tonight.
 There are "Clever Spoofs", like the Austin Powers films, and then there are "Silly Spoofs", like the Naked Gun films. "Scary Movie is in the Latter Category and it's the best one in Years. The Timing was the key to the films success as the recent crop of Teen Slasher flicks had yet to be Spoofed. The Exuberant Young Cast are all Natural Born Comedians and they make the most of every joke. Their Comedic Timing is Impeccable and they Obviously don't mind poking Fun at themselves. Shannon Elisabeth proves she has More than just Looks, as she gives one of the films Best performances. Shawn Wayans also proves himself as talented (if not More talented) as his more Famous brothers. It's not just the Young stars that Shine in the film, some of the Older Supporting cast teach the young ones a Thing or two. Rick Domecian (as Cindy's Father) can't open his Mouth without causing a laugh, and Kurt Fuller (as the Police Chief) gives the Funniest role of his Career.  The Writing is as good as Any spoof, but the Performances bring out the best in the Script. When the film sticks to spoofing the "Scream series and "I Know What You Did Last Summer", that is when the writing works best. This DVD also features a bunch of Deleted Scenes that are all Hilarious, why they were cut from the film is Beyond me. A Great Comedy should be rated on how much it makes the audience Laugh. On this scale, "Scary Movie deserves an 11 out of 10.
 I know SCARY MOVIE is aimed toward making fun of all the teen slasher horror films, but I wonder how much all those actors who've been in those kind of movies think about this one and how they're being shunned and made fun of. Like everybody else says, this movie really don't have a plot. It's number 1 goal is to put down movies such as THE SIXTH SENSE, SCREAM, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER, and many, many others. And it did a very great deal of it! I think this film was supposed to be called something like
 Well, Scary Movie 4 may have a chance, but 2 and 3 did nothing to come close to the hilarity that the first in the series brought (other than the opening scene of 2 where James Woods tries to excersise the hell house...hilarious)  This film is more on the lines of Scream and I Know What you did Last Summer and it has almost the identical plot, but what makes it so funny is that is shows you the stupidity in the overly serious tone these horror films take.  Scary Movie makes fun of the typical Scary Movie, and it works...I mean, look what it has to work with.  Anna Farris is your heroine, and this is her movie...the movie she was meant to star in.  The Waynes brothers are also BIG reasons to watch this film, other than hottie Shannon Elizabeth!  With Marlyn playing the crack adict who gets high with the killer and Shawn playing the sexually confused jock they have the most memerable charactors in the film.  The funniest scene is when they spoof The Blair WItch Project.  Everyone was laughing so loud I had to watch it again by myself to hear what the chic was saying.  With funny scene after funny scene Scary Movie should be at the top of your DVD pile because for some reason it never gets old.
 Quite possibly the most disgusting comedy ever made that never stops being funny(yes, it even beats out Theres Something About Mary), Scary Movie is undoubtadly completely absurd and absolutely hilarious.  Spoofing the totally not scary teen horror movies of late like Scream, Scary Movie takes ever cliche and makes fun of it until your laughing out loud.  It even pokes fun at teen sex comedies like American Pie with the groosout antics.  Marlon Wayans is hysterical as pot smoking Shorty, and manages to keep being funny with the pot jokes without getting stale or repetitive.  Then theres also the fact I never thought I'd see so much male genitalia in a mainstream movie, but its all done with fun in mind.  The deleted scenes are worth noting too, especially the "Hop Along Shorty scene which is downright hilarious.  Not to be taken seriously by any means, Scary Movie deserves a place in your movie collection.
 While this movie consists of some humor which may seem inappropriate for some viewers, I would highly recommend it.  Some of it's content may offend those who can't handle a sexist, dirty joke, but for those who can, this movie is a must see!  The laughs start with the opening scene, and don't stop until the ending credits.  I hate going to see movies that show all laughs in the previews, but when you see the flick, those are THE ONLY laughs in the entire film.  This is quite the contrary.  The previews didn't do it justice, since most of the humor was aimed to adults only.  The spoofs were against some recent releases (Scream, Blair Witch, Sixth Sense, Matrix, etc.)  But don't forget the inuendoes of the ever popular Cheech and Chong!  Kudos to the Wayans, and everyone involved!  I only ask one thing - Please don't make multiple sequels - the originals are always the best.
 I DID NOT want to see this movie! But, after much goading by my husband I gave in . . .and I was glad I did. Yes, this movie was brash, crude and in your face, but I did not find it at all offensive or over the top. I laughed the entire time! The market has been so saturated with these  teen horror-did I really pay money to watch this?  kind of flicks that it was great to see someone finally take a hit at them. I also thought the mixing in of various movie themes and hints was creative and brought the point home that much more! I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone . . .with a good sense of humor that is !
 I don't know what all you bumbs think but this is the funniest movie i've ever seen.  If you would like to see a great movie you have to see this one.  I have never seen a movie so funny.  Even though it show a lot of guy nudity it is still funny.  Those are funny parts too.  Although keep young children away.  If you liked half baked or office space or even if you didn't you'll still love this.  Im refearing to the DVD version.
 Scary Movie rates up there with American Pie and Road Trip. Pure and clever comedy pack this movie completely. With Marlon and Shawn Wayans writing and acting in it, you can't go wrong. Several references to other movies such as Scream 1-3, and I know what you did last summer make this movie so funny. Defintely order this DVD. You won't be disappointed!
 I have just recently purchased and watched the DVD of  Scary Movie,  a Wayans bros. movie. I knew that when i bought the movie it was going to be very sick and I was right. All the reviews that were made about this movie saying that it should have requested an x-rating are probabally right. THIS IS NOT A KID'S MOVIE! Although aimed at kids audience, kids are hardly the right audience that should be able to watch this.  If you was like me and thought the cartoon pic of a male's private anatomy was sick on South Park
 Scary Movie is one of the most hilarious movies I ever saw. I loved when they made fun of almost ever movie. I don't care what other people say, this is a funny movie. . . if your a teenager. Adults might not think it's funny and won't even rent it let alone buy it. So if you did or didn't see it, buy it on DVD. I hope the DVD includes commentary by all the cast and Director, lots and lots of deleted scenes, lots of funny outtakes, and possibly a  Making Of  if they made one. So all you teenagers go buy this funny movie when it comes out.
 I haven't laughed that hard in a looooong time! The movie is very funny if you have an open mind. Everybody I went to see it with, came out saying  they havent laughed that hard in a long time either! Caution, if you're  over 30, and have already aquired the bad taste that comes with adulthoold,  you may think the jokes in the movie are too grose. And for the people who  say that certain things in the movie made no sense, or happened  out  of nowhere  or  for no reason , IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE  THAT!  Go See It
 This movie was by far one of the funniest spoofs I've ever seen! I usually find movies of this type PAINFULLY predictable, but this one had loads of things that came out of nowhere! The only complaint I had was that it mostly spoofed Scream (KILLER movie!) and I Know What You Did Last Summer. There were a few quick references to other movies/tv/commercials we've all seen.. but not really enough. I went to see this expecting it to be dumb and a waste of money. But instead, I bought it as soon as it came to video and am going t get the DVD soon as well 
 If your the sort who loves good raunchy fun and craves the sort of things that others flinch at, then this is perfect for you. Just don't see this movie if you're even moderately offendable. This parody makes a mockery of retarded people, shows genitalia of all sorts openly, gives you a glimpse of all sorts of bodily fluid, features vulgar dialogue... you get the picture. What this adds up to ( at least for me, anyway) is good, clean fun. This is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. Scary Movie is basically one giant spoof of such flicks as Scream, I Know What you Did Last Summer, etc. My DVD version has been trouble free, as well. I know some others have experienced trouble with their copy. At any rate, purchase this movie, pop it in, and be prepared to laugh ( if you're not barfing)...
 this is to all owners of the dvd version of scary movie,  every time i put the disc in the player, it takes 15 minutes to get past the FBI warning. i don't know whether this is just my player, or if the disc is messed up. please write to my e-mail at jeremybarnell@yahoo.com.
 This has got to be the funniest film of the year. I've seen it 3 times coz each time I missed loads coz I was crying with laughter. From the same goys who brought you Don't Be A Menace this film is an absolute screamer. If you've seen the films parrodied you, if you possess a sense of humour, will be laughing from start to finish. The male nudity is done in the best possible taste, well maybe not but it definitly is funny. The only problem is that it made me laugh too much, I thought I was going to die. I wanted to put 6 stars but the tyrants would let me only have 5. You have to watch this film and that is an order...
 I just saw Scary Movie and it was very very funny i thought Shorty(Marlon Wayans)was HILLARIOUS and Bobby was cute so i think it was very funny
 To say the least the box office hit  Scary Movie  is a cult phenomenon! It's so funny that you will pass out from all the laughter! The cast is absolutely superb, (which I wish David Cross would've been in this), as well as the jokes. Very few fall flat. It's the usual Keenan Ivory Wayans (Dont Be A Menace, Scary Movie 2) slapstick humor which will leave you with a belly ache! IF you missed this, then pick up a copy, I promise you will love it!
 This was such a funny movie!If you want to see a funny movie see this.It has it all(Sixth Sense,Scream,Pulp Fiction,etc.)I would recommend this movie to any and everyone 10 and up.
 I went to see this movie at the theater, and I've got to be honest I laughed so hard cryed. It was so funny, the only reason I went to see this movie was because marlon and shawn wayans are in it, I love the wayans brothers because their sense of humour is very much like mine. If you have'nt seen this movie yet WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!  you don't know what your missing, scream, I know what you did last summer, the blair witch project, the sixth sense, american pie, halloween, nothing is left out everything gets dissed in this movie. The way I see it there is two draw backs in this movie
 I THINK THIS MOVIE IS A GREAT COMEDY!I LOVE THIS MOVIE ITS SO FUNNY IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS MOVIE THEN GO GET IT!OFICER DOOFY IS COOL. OFICER IS THE BEST!
 This was a funny film, me being a big scream fan, this was a cracker with a good mix of other films, sex, horror, blood &amp; humor this film is a winner! A must buy for everyone ... This film rules just like Scream 1,2 &amp; 3!
 I own the DVD of Scary Movie and haven't had any problems with it. The DVD Player I own is Oritron. Now the only problem I'm having so far is getting it (and any DVD) to play on the DVD/CD Rom player on the computer. It might be just a set of bad DVDs that were released. I know most new DVDs are sent to stores weeks in advance before becoming available. So between that time of delivery and being out on stands anything can happen. I could have gone with all the male private parts being seen. I also could have gone with the female gym teacher and her Basic Instinct scene. The two Marlon Wayan segments that were cut should have stayed and the gym teacher segment should have been cut. I hope you know that a network has already bought the rights to the movie. I think it was NBC and it will be interesting to see how they show a  clean  version of this movie in 2002. Can't wait for Scary Movie 2 next year.
 Yeah, the Scream Trilogy and I Know What You Did Last Summer have had their spots in the box office hall of fame.  Their creators and Dimension  films have made their millions.  This could only mean one thing
 This movie is a true gut buster.  I think the ladies will like it since most movies enjoy showing the women naked but not the men.  This movie  definitely reveals alot about men.  But that is okay guys we still get to  see plenty of female flesh especially that fine Carmen Electra.
 ok. so this is probably the funniest movie i have every seen. you just keep on laughing. the longest pause without a laugh was about 10 seconds i  think. You really must see this film. it is definatly worth it! `
 Scary Movie has no plot, bad acting and a story that doesn't make sense,  but who cares, the movie is absolutely hilarious. I was cracking up  laughing numerous times throughout the movie. It spoofs the Scream type  movies with a variety of gags and some crude humour. If you are a fan of  those Scream movies or even if you are not, you should still checkout this  movie, its great for a laugh.
 I have never been a fan of comedy films; my favorite movies are usually dramas, thrillers, and the occasional autobiographical feature. I find most comedies are written poorly and you have to have an IQ of about 3 to enjoy them. However, I came across "Scary Movie late one night on television and I have to say it is downright hilarious and funny. This film is the first in a series in which the producers and writers mock classic horror films, but they do it in a very tasteful and caring way. Movies like "The Exorcist and "The Amytyville Horror are satarized and when I saw those parts of the film I was on the floor with laughter! James Woods, most notably known for his serious dramatics parts, has a small role as the exorcist in "Scary Movie where he tries to exorcise the demon out of a girl. Woods scenes are the best and he steals every funny part from his co-stars. The bathroom scene where he sits on the commode is not to be missed! If your down and want to put a smile on your face put "Scary Movie in your DVD player. Other sequels follwed this film, but the original is simple the best.
 Hi. I'm intelligent. This movie is not funny, unless you are a foot fungus. I mean, cause I am smart and I know. Get it?
 I got this DVD for a present. The DVD has so many features, I know see what all the hype about DVDs are. About this movie, It was funny from start to finish. I love the way it makes fun of all those stupid non-scary horror films of the 90's. If you love comedy movies, and who doesn't, then this movie is for you. However, the older you are, the less you will enjoy it as this type humor is for the younger people. I watched it with my dad and he laughed maybe 10 times but when I had a small new years party of enthuastic 20-year olds, it was non stop laughing. 5 of 5 stars. I think the best scene was when that girl went into the gym teachers office and......
 If Use A 4
 Product - exactly what I ordered - and delivery very fast.  Enjoy dealing with Amazon.
 i really loved this movie and i think it's kinda humorous how one of the reviewers on here said to save your money for the nutty professor 2...i'm sorry, but what they said there was funnier than any of the material in the klumps. granted, this movie is really vulgar but i can't help but to love it. all in all, if you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
 The summer of this movie I had so many high expectations of many movies and I think I was let down because of the high level of expectation I had. This movie was so hyped up by the commercials and trailers, I thought it would be another let down. However, I thought this movie was the funniest I've seen in years. The theater was packed with people and all of them were laughing continously. I'd definately recommend this movie as a great original comedy.  There are, however, quite a few scenes that people did find offensive.  I think that comes with the territory with trying to set the mark like the Wayans did.
 This movie wasn't that scary,but really it was really funny. Famous actors and actresses like Marlon and Shawn Wayans, Jon Abrahams,and Carmen Electra  star in the movie. They did a really good job in this movie. (I would have  to say that this was their best work ever. They were really funny  characters in the movie. Marlon and Shawn were the funniest in my opinion.)  This movie had scenes fimiliar to THE MATRIX, SCREAM, and I KNOW WHAT YOU  DID LAST SUMMER. It also had plot that were fimiliar to these movies.The  difference was that they were made into funny plots and scenes in the  movie. This movie took place in a small town.It is about a girl who gets  calls from someone, who she doesn't know.(Just in like SCREAM). He tells  her something about what she did last weekend. (Just like in I KNOW WHAT  YOU DID LAST SUMMER). She stars to get scared when her friends start to get  killed by someone. Throughout the movie she tries to figure out who is the  caller and the killer. Doffy who is like a kind of bumb cops istold to  protect her. At the end she does find out who the caller, but it is funny  how she found out. I was really surprised at who was the killer. This movie  was the most funniest yet a little scary I have seen. They won't probably  make a movies like this one in a couple of years. This movie was like some  people say  off the hook . If you have not seen this movie go to  nearest theater and go see it as soon as possible. This is a must see  funny/not that scary at all movie. HURRY AND GO SEE IT.
 Horror mocking is awesome, espessially for horror fans who know whats going on.
 All the movies spoofed in SCARY MOVIE
 The seasoned bartender, Doug Coglin, has to be the funniest character of any 80's movie made. (Even though he doesn't intend to be) If he's so experienced and knows all the ropes, why's he behind the bar at a TGIFriday's?! And his constant 'know-it-all,' English, mentor tone dialogue is classic.  Beer is for breakfast around here. Either drink or be gone...  So quotable. The other funny part of this movie is the fact they're 4 deep at the bar and it takes these guys 10 mintues to make one drink! Who would go back to that bar?!  Classic 80's 'style before substance' film.
 Tom Cruise stars as a small time want-to-be-rich bar tender who goes down to Jamaica to start his own bar and meets a girl named Jordan (Shue). They fall in love and some problems occur. See what they are. The movie is about love, friendship, care, and comedy.
 The performances by Tom Cruise, Brian Brown & Elizabeth Shue are very good, the soundtrack of the movie is excellent.
 This is a christmas present to our sons.. I have been doing christmas shopping early.. I wanted them to have the movies that they wanted and to get the movies at a great price always use amazon to get them.. i always use GoHastings or MovieMars or Amazon.. they do great at product price and the quality and the shipping is great..
 GREAT MOVIE  PERFECT SOUND AND  PICTURE  GREAT MUSIC  GREAT STORY  A PERSON FINDING OUT  HOW TO BE SUCESSFUL IN LIFE  THAT GOING TO SCHOOL  ISNOT ALWAYS THE ROAD TO TRAVEL  THAT  PEOPLE  GET OUT IN THE  WORLD AND GET  THE HARD NOSE BUSINESS EXPERIENCE YOU NEED EVEN IF YOU START IN THE MAILROOM OR A FILEING  CLERK  IN  COLLEGE PEOPLE DONOT GET FIELD EXPERIENCE  THAT WOULD  SECURE THEM A JOB  JUST A BILL  FOR ATTENDING THE COLLEGE
 Have you ever watched a group of people from afar do something that is completely ignorant and stupid, having the time of their lives and thought, 'morons'! Who hasn't? Seems there's always some fad, be it a dance, a commercial some idiot repeats over and over or something else. I've come to think Cocktail is like that and, oddly, I'm on the side of the stupids. We Cocktail fans get it. We know this isn't Earth shattering stuff. It deserves all the Razzie awards it won and then some. The dialogue is corny, pointless and mostly absurd. The situations are absurd. The mugging never stops. But, nonetheless, we like it the way those people loved the Macarena, or line dancing, or 'obsessed girlfriend' or Nyan cat or whatever other crazy fad came and went.  Why do we like it? I can't speak for everyone but I think it's a bit of an escapist movie. We KNOW upfront it's going to have a happy ending without too many bumps. We know there's going to be a happy couple. We take a little tour through late 80's NYC AND get to go to beautiful Jamaica. It's a bit of a vacation of sorts and that's what I feel when I watch this. I ZONE out. I might even pop a Twizzler in my head. Actually, I'd love to invite all my friends over and throw a great big Cocktail party where we watch the movie and get stupid drunk. It's THAT kind of movie.  Don't hate us. Just keep your eyes open for your own 'Macarena' and if anybody knocks it, well, maybe they'll catch the next party boat.
 Very good item very good movie Great shape nice movie liked alot must see watching fun seen in the past but fun to see again
 This movie is totally entertaining. I am very much surprised that it has been rated 14% in rotten tomatoes. Its Soundtrack is incredible specially Run For The Shelter of Ur Love nd Wild Again.
 "Cocktail is a film that contains a lively narrative with notable modern day thought-provoking philosophy. Brian Flanagan (Tom Cruise) is ambitious and wants to make millions, but he learns his greatest lessons behind a bar whilst supporting his studies. Veteran Bar Tender Doug Coughlin (Bryan Brown) teaches him more than any academic can with his "Coughlin's Law philosophy to life. Coughlin scoffs at Flanagan that his business school text books "dangle but don't deliver". Flanagan also has a few catchy lines of his own when he breaks up with his older woman love interest and says, "If it didn't end badly it wouldn't end". It's a solid film where friendships are tested, and Flanagan's business and personal growth is stimulated by the world around him.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 What can you say great movie came as described. Still got it like 3 years later.
 I'm not a huge fan of Tom Cruise, but I think this is probably his best movie in my opinion. This is the right role for his cocky attitude. This is a great 1980s movie too. It has a lot of the themes from that time period. Of course the movie is probably most famous for the bottle-spinning slick bartending and banter between Cruise and Bryan Brown. It's almost like two great movies rolled into one. One movie is the whole get-rich decadent 1980s scene and the other is a halfway decent romantic movie. All of the acting is great, and most of the dialog is sharp. This is a movie you can watch over and over and it never gets old.
 I really like this movie, cause it shows the pains of being a single adult. Plus some of the stupid mistake we make as adults, and sometimes we almost miss our one true love. Cruise is great in this movie as a guy going to college and a part time bartender. I rate this a 5 of 5 stars!!
 Cocktail delivers the goods not only do you have the irresistible Tom Cruise,but its a fun movie..... Tom plays a young man from New York trying to start a new life and ends up one of the hottest bartenders in the club scene.... While bartending he ends up falling madly in love with Elisabeth Shue.... The movie has a great story and a awesome cast and of course its from my favorite era the 80's..... Like i said its one of my favorite Tom movies!!!!!!!!
 Just like Pretty Woman this would have to be one of the most overrated and overhyped movie ever made. Watching this movie calls for an immense 'Suspension Of Disbelief which I could not quite accomplish. Tom Cruise plays a bartender who encourages everybody to "take a shot". The drunks in this movie are all terribly well behaved. There is no date rape, no violence and nobdody loses their luch after consuming a few too many drinks. It is not that often that you see a movie gloryfying Alcoholisms . I give this movie 5 stars because sadly it succeded in making a whole generation of youmg men think they are just as good looking as Tom Cruise when they are drunk.
 Brian Flanagan(Tom Cruise) plans with his middle-aged buddy Doug(Bryan Brown) to open a cocktail bar Cocktails &amp; Dreams. He studies bartending at a community college. The professor(Paul Benedict of TV's The Jeffersons) threatened to fail Brian after making a harsh comment. At his first bartending job,while fresh in college,Brian doesn't toss around the booze and glasses like novice bartenders do. As his skills improved,Brian had the patrons singing, Addicted To Love ,the late Robert Palmer's hit song. While on holiday in Jamaica with Doug and Doug's new bride(Kelly Lynch),Brian meets a pretty girl named Jordyne Mooney(Elisabeth Shue). Jordyne's girlfriend passed out on the beach after a champagne binge and a sunbath. Brian saved the girlfriend's life. Brian and Jordyne are romantically involved until Jordyne catches Brian with another woman,this one wealthy like Doug's new wife. Doug made a bet that Brian can't hook up with a wealthy woman. Brian accepted the bet since it was a dare. When Brian visits Jerry's Deli back in New York,where Jordyne works as a waitress,Jordyne drenches him with various entrees. Brian showed up at Jerry's to apologize to Jordyne for hurting her,but had no chance to do so. So Brian goes to Jordyne's penthouse apartment where he meets her father Richard(Laurence Luckinbill). Richard offers $10,000 to  get Brian out of Jordyne's life . Jordyne's is now pregnant with twins and Brian is the father. Brian tears up Richard's written check( This is how hung up on money I am. ). Doug wound up drinking himself to death on a vessel. Brian returns to the Mooneys' apartment and proposes to Jordyne. At the newly opened Flanagan's,Brian and his new wife are toasted by Brian's uncle,who himself owns a tavern. Director Roger Donaldson subsequently directed 1990's CADILLAC MAN.
 The Takacs Quartet here performs three famous String quartets
 I bought this for my husband for christmas. It is a great dvd and so is all the other fast furious movies. Had no problem with the dvd it work great.
 We love the Fast Five series and glad we could complete our collection thanks to Amazon.com!!  The quality is great!
 It is another one and I like them all, they are what they say fast and always lots of action.
 I would definitely recommend this movie, it is AWESOME! My family loves it! So please go out and get yourself a copy.
 If you like the other "fast and furious flicks this one won't dissapoint. Start to finish it has action and edge of your seat suspense. Some of the old characters are back with some new alliances so spend the money and enjoy!
 This is a great movie really holds your interest and I know we will watch it over again and it will be great to add to our collection
 AWESOME!! AWESOME!! FANTASTIC!! GREAT!! lol the best movie in the franchise besides the first one. Can't wait for the 6th one.
 An amazing action movie with great drama and for the price you cant beat it.  This is a must buy, watch the movie to the end past the credits you want believe it
 Quality and price and delivery was very satisfactory. I would definately order another product from Amazon. The price was excellent.  Cheaper then the stores and i didn't have to go out in the craziness.
 es injusto que una pel&iacute;cula tan interesante y deseada por todos, No este a la venta en espa&ntilde;ol me hubiese gustado comprarla poro solo esta en ingles
 My husband and I both liked it. Pretty good movie with lots of action. I got it for a good price on Amazon.
 This was the best movie of this series. Brought back all the original characters to wrap it up. Best car chase ever! Would recommend this purchase.
 Amazon is definitely the place to buy Blu Rays! I got this movie because I got my wife a home theater system for Christmas, and the effects are amazing! It's a great buy. I saw this movie at the cinema, so i knew the story already; but it is nice to be able to pause the movie when you want to refill our popcorn. I was also happy to find out that I could download the digital copy to my wife's iPad so we could watch this movie when go on our trip to Vegas.
 This was such a great movie.  My husband and I really enjoyed it and I am sure it will be one we watch often.
 this is a super great movie. fast,action packed. there was never a dull or slow moment in this movie. truly a 5 star movie. no question about it.
 on time,quick,packaged nice.reasonable,cheap shipping,great condition,made it a perfected gift for the holidays,merry christmas,awsome movie,great quality video,nothing better the blu ray
 Fast Five is the best of the series - so far! Action packed & lots of emotion. Definitely a winner!
 Great product at an excellent buy. The product was exactly as described with all the different avenues of viewing. For all these car fans it's a great fast paced movie that helps to capitalize on the fast and furious past of the original movies.
 This completes his set of all the Fast and Furious films.  He loves the series and was delighted to get the latest one so quickly.  It's a guy movie with fast cars, fast action, insane driving, and all the rest.
 This product is amazing!!! My daughters and my son love it.they see it over and over again and they also see the behind the scenes!! This product has very good quality ! We all love it!!!
 This movie was a good purchase and arrived at it's destination quickly.  Thank you for making it available at an affordable price.
 I love action movies, thought the cast was great, saw it at the show and now have the DVD that I will watch more than once.
 I really enjoyed this movie. Great story line.  Lots of action. Definitely recommend this movie. I could watch this movie a million time without getting tried of it. Movie came fast in the mail. I would definitely do business again with this seller.
 Item arrived on before said arriaval time,packaging good,purchase in great condition will be ordering more movies in the near future
 love this movie! bought it for my husband who has every other fast and furious movie. this one by far is the best one of them all, definately a must when buying for anyone who loves these movies!
 Ordered this DVD after seeing the movie and was pleased with the shipping and quality of dvd and helps complete my set of the fast & Furious series
 I am very content with my order, it shipped incredibly fast and was in a solid and durable box for protection from being smashed in the mail. I would definitely rate my experience with this company a five star!
 Shipped fast and would order again from this site.  Always have had good luck with Amazon.  Loved Fast and Furious Series.
 i had no troubles with the dvd and i recieved it very fast. I would definitely order from this person again
 What to say, other than excellent? This is by far the best part of Fast series...by my opinion. Good quality, fast shipping.
 I grew up with these movies, from the first to the fifth. I own them all!! Purchased this cheaper online than what i could get in store. The movie is just great! As technology got better so did the movies that were made, and boy this was one of the great ones! I seen this in the theatre and just had to by the DVD.
 I love this movie dwayne johnson vin diesel and Paul waker ohh my. Action packed and entertaining, even if u didn't really care for the other 4 watch this one ill be glad u did. *spoiler* the screen at the end when the safe is empty that's the best.. great addition to our movie collection highly recommend!!
 FAST FIVE is a great action film with less than an "R rating.  The ending and the extra clip contained within the credits at the end hint at a sixth F&F.  To see how they work both the timeline to explain Han's "death in Tokyo Drift and the storyline to explain Letty's "death in #4 would be interesting.  That they do all of this with a high level of action and intensity, but keep the elements contained to less than an "R rating is nothing short of phenomenal.
 Fast Five is as good, if not better, than the 4th installment. The actions sequences are fantastic.The story was very well thought out and written with some class
 I believe this is my favorite of all the Fast & Furious Movies.  A lot of action and of coarse humor with some drama.  It's definately a movie you can watch over and over again!  It's a must have for the Fast & Furious Fan!
 I've reviewed this entire series again and give Fast Five a nod for the action, story and for bringing The Rock and original cast members along for the ride. scratch that, along for the story. The real difference between the series and Fast Five is less fast cars and racing and more plot storyline. I especially liked the truck. I don't know what make it is but it alone is worthy of credit(s). Not a stale scene, great action, well acted and gets you anxious for May 2013 to see TFATF6 keeping The Rock and adding Jason Statham.
 It is surely the best of all F&F series!!! Action is awesome!!! Very creative Director - the train and the vault chase, WOW! Very entertaining.  I already watch it twice and I will watch again and again.
 Great movie for adults and teenagers. Sometimes sequels are not as good as the original but this was for sure! Some of the scenes are pretty unbelievable, but this was expected with this type of movie.
 This was the best of the Fast & Furious series. It bridges the gap between the "Fast & Furious installment & "Tokyo Drift installment. Great action & acting in this one. I'm hoping that they'll make another one that picks up after Tokyo Drift. Overall a great movie!
 Fast Five is easily the best of the F&TF series, bringing back almost the entire original cast with an all new storyline, featuring our anti-heroes Paul Walker, Vin Diesel and Jordana Brewster as wanted criminals in the middle of Central America, and Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) and the rest of his crew seeking them out. What makes this movie different from all the others is that the cars are actually NOT the stars of the film. No, this one puts the characters in the forefront, and does so with enough heart-pumping action to keep you invigorated throughout the entire film, including it's teaser ending that feature a cameo by an actress from the 2nd F&F movie, not to mention also hinting at another sequel in a cute and creative way. Everything from the films fast-paced action, brilliant editing, and ear-blasting sound mix make for one of the better action movies to be released in the last 5 to 10 years (sadly, the gun-toting action guy-movie genre has been in very minimal demand due to a stupid influx of cheesy redundant romantic comedies, recycled CGI kids movies and hippie stoner flicks that continuously have been released in the last decade). With a little more of an edge, Fast Five could have easily hit an R-rating, therefore making this one at the borderline PG-13 area, similar to The Dark Knight. The great part about characterization is that, unlike the first film, the two can't really be compared, thus leaving this one completely independent in and of itself, and some of the action is so intense and well choreographed, with completely minimal use of CGI (thank God!) so everything simply feels more real and intense, despite that lots of it is pretty far-fetched. But just like those old exciting 80's and 90's guy flicks, we don't watch them for their realism.  What's an extra added bonus is that with this package we get the theatrical and extended edition (granted the extended is only about 1 minute longer), and a digital copy where you can also put the extra bonus features as well as the feature presentation.  That said, this one's highly recommended, easily.
 Fast Five
 Order process was easy and quick for this item! I have been waiting for this movie to come out since I saw it in the theaters.  It came earlier that the delivery date they stated.  Have watched it several time- great movie!!
 very good story throughout the entire movie. no slow downs or breaks, consistent all the way thru. not a boring second at all. 2 thumbs up
 10Bucks is a really good price for this movie. I recommend purchasing now, unless you can find it cheaper elsewhere online (google it). I wish I wouldve known it was $10 on Amazon, then I wouldnt have wasted $19.95 on it at Columbiahouse(dot)com.
 this was a good movie you should watch it !!! i bought it at a good price.hope they make another movie like this
 The best of all 5 - hope there are more - Of course there will be at least 1 more
 great flick.  purchase was as expected.  this was probably the best of all the fast follow up movies, it took no brains to watch and had the stunts expected.
 Great action movie at a greatprice at amazon.com Have purchased other titles also great deal. thanks for the great offers and avaiblity.
 This is the best one of the series so far. I can't wait to see the next one! Keep it up!
 The color and the sound is just like being in the movies only your in your own home to see this.
 Movie was great......action junkies will love it...(reminds me of bad boys 2...the action sequences anyway) buy it stop reading it...enjoy! Oh it looks and sounds good too
 no complaints....the movie is amazing.  the quality is great.  you wont be disappointed.  also has some great features if you have your blu ray player internet ready so make sure to check that out as well!
 what can i say, it's vin diesel, a great movie. the best visual effects, i have ever seen. great  great!!!
 Im fan of these movies so what I think is that this one is the best of all of them I really like it so thats why I recomended this is the kind of movies that you don't get boreing
 I couldn't wait for this movie to come out on blue ray/dvd. I saw it in the theatre and loved it. A fantastic follow-up movie in the Fast and Furious series. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson fits in perfectly.  If you're a fan of these movies, this truly is a must have!!
 the best of the series so far, a must have for any vin diesel fan. The rock in awesome in this one also.
 Fast Five (to me) is absolutely the best of the Fast and the Furious movies. And with The Rock in this one makes it ten times better. The fight scene is probably the best.
 My son loves all of the Fast and Furious Movies and I got this one for his Birthday. He and my dad both watched it a few times already. Great movie.
 The best of the series...I don't buy DVDs very often but I knew I had to have it......I LOVE IT!!!
 This version of the Fast and Furious was by far one of the best in the series!  Tons of action and excitement, along with loads of heart pounding burnouts.  I enjoyed the interactive features along with the ability to load onto my iPad to watch the video on the road.  The Blu-Ray/DVD/Digital combo was worked perfectly and I have already watched the movie at least 4 times from start to finish.  I highly recommend this movie to complete the series.  You will not be disappointed with the fast cars and fast actions of Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, and Paul Walker!  When you finish watching the movie you will be looking to add some NOS to your AMC Gremlin or Pacer!  Imagine a fish bowl with NOS - Sweet!
 this was absolutly the best best besst of the series!!!!!! there was so much action n this i wanted to cry. and the ending jst blew my mind open. jst wooww!!!!! cant wait 2 c how they gonna top that n fast 6.
 This 5th installment brought all favorite characters from the first 4 together, so it's definitely a treat for all of us that liked the first four. The flavor is in the spirit of the original movie - deeper with more emotions for the characters.  Make sure you see the movie to the end even after the credit. There is a teaser, hinting this 5th movie is not the final!  "Do you believe in ghost?  I'm reviewing just the blu-ray disc. The 1080p video quality is top notch. Detailed, sharp, but look real and natural.  The 5.1 audio is precisely decoded to play on designated speakers in such a way that I felt so involved
 You have to love the Vin Deisel and Paul Walker combo.  Add in the rock and now your cooking.  This installment has twist and turns you wont see coming and the action is amazing all the way through.  This one has all past cast members and you must keep watching to the very very end!  This was an amazing Action packed Movie the whole family is sure to love.  Wendy Moore
 When I bought this movie I was not expecting it to be so good. This is by far the best in the series so far. The car scenes are amazing the story itself was more than what I expected from this franchise. The fighting was excellent, whoever thought to match Vin with the Rock was brilliant, could not have seen him fighting it out with anybody else. The on-screen chemistry between the cast is noticable, their passion to deliver the story in the best way possible is evident. Overall 10 of 10 stars
 This is a great movie. Just like the rest of the Fast and Furious Movies it's filled with lots of ACTION. I LOVE IT!!
 When I saw this movie at the movies, I couldn't wait until it came out on DVD soi mthat I could watch whenever I want to.  My merchandise arrived earlier than expected and in new and excellent condition. I would definitely transact business with this seller again.
 all i can say it surpasses the previous sequels, great plot, great action, great cast, and a twist ending. fast and furious fans check this excellent well made movie out you'll love it!!
 LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!!  If there was a way to give it 100 stars I would... thank you so much received it quick and in great condition.  Best movie I have seen in a while!!!!
 the movie was well do with alot of special effect,it folowed well with the other movies but it was that little bit better,would definitely suggest this movie to be seen grade a movie
 Fast five starring paul walker, and vin diesel is the 5th sequel to fast and furious in which its masterpiece leaves you craving for the next one, that probably will not be out for at least a year. This movie in my opinion must have had a really good screen writer. because there were a lot of parts where the movie could have fallen off the grid to ruin this action packed blockbuster but it always took a turn into making "fast five an instant hit to a fast five star rating! All the actors and actresses worked well together in a plot that made sense and flowed nicely into action scene after action scene! I even joked about with my wife that they would somehow bring michelle rodriquez back from the dead but now they are planning to in the next movie! WOW! This hollywood cinematic feature scored big time leaving fans waiting to spend their money on the 6th fast and furious movie thrill ride!.....to be continued  Godbless ~shauns moview review
 Title says it all - Fast Five is an incredibly fun and exciting movie. So many great chase scenes and witty back-and-forth between Vin Diesel and Paul Walker. If you're a fan of the series - this will be your favorite yet. If not - this will be one of your favorite action movies. The movie was very well done, and there's a nice little surprise at the very end of the credits (at least there was in theaters!)
 I've just received ma item 2day 10-06-11 & the estimated delivery date was 10-08-11, therefore you know that this seller is very reliable & prompt on deliverance 
 I am a big Fast and Furious fan as well as a fan of Dwayne Johnson. I put that out there first so as to make you aware of my bias. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I did not get to see it in the theatre so watching it on Blu-Ray was my first viewing of this. Parts that stand out and it is noted in one of the Extras, they try and succeed in establishing a deeper family aspect with the crew. That and fantastic action scenes does not leave the watcher of this bored at all.  BLU-RAY QUALITY
 They did it again with this one. The movie was great, just what you would expect from the series. They go a little more over the top with some of the things the cars can do in this film, but who cares. If you wanted to see a realistic movie about driving cars or grand theft auto then you knew before you saw this film that it wasn't for you. I highly recommend this film and can honeslty say that if you truely enjoyed any of the others you will enjoy this one too. The Blu Ray picture is amazing and well worth the extra money.
 This is a great movie if you enjoy the series. Adrenaline fueled action from start to finish with some story to garnish the plate. Personally I feel that this is the best movie in the series. These guys are my favorite bad guys by far, and Johnson is an excellent addition to the Fast and Furious family.
 It's been a long time since the Jason Bourne Triology that I could be so fascinated by an action movie. The beautiful scenes of Rio, the ultra charming cast (all men and women look like catwalk models), the not too stupid storyline and most importantly the superb though much exaggerated car chases add up to the most entertaining of all 20+ movies I saw this year. Really looking forward to Fast 6 as hinted by the ending scene. In short, a must watch for all action movie fans!
 Looking to burn some rubber?  If so, FAST FIVE -- a briskly entertaining action picture that evokes memories of SMOKEY AND THE BANDIT PART 3 -- is right up your alley!
 ** PLOT SYNOPSIS (MINUS ENDING)**  Vin Diesel is busted out of prison and is reunited with his sister Jordana Brewster (who I fell in love with in D.E.B.S.) and her bf Paul Walker in Rio, the most recognized skyline in the world. They are bad guys stealing cars off a train. As things turned out, these were cars seized by the Brazilian DEA, who for some reason unlike their American counterparts don't disable the vehicles. Due to infighting, the effort is partially botched and Vin Diesel and Walker end up as captives of a Rio mobster. They discover he wants one of the cars back real bad. After they escape they dismantle the car to find out way.  Meanwhile Dwayne Johnson comes down from the US to take back Vin Diesel. It seems the US has jurisdiction in Brazil, but hey its a movie. From a chip in the vehicle, Vin Diesel discovers that the crime boss has money stored in various cash houses throughout the city. Walker and Vin Diesel assemble a Mission Impossible team to go after the cash. They attack the first cash house and burn the money which forces the mobster to relocate all his eggs into one basket. As it turns out, that basket is inside the evidence safe at the police station, making the task of that one last hit a bit more difficult. At this point the movie takes a few interesting twists and turns.  The plot contains numerous implausibilities as does most Mission Impossible action movies, vehicles that can bust through concrete walls (that never use rebar), and don't even scratch the head lights. The ending will keep Myth Busters busy for a season.
 Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster team up again one final time for some more heart pounding adrenaline action. This movie takes place after Fast and Furious. The film brings the crew back together in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil for one last job to get their freedom before disappearing forever. Some of the previous stars through the past Fast and Furious films return, including Tyrese Gibson, (Roman Pearce - 2 Fast 2 Furious) Ludacris (Tej - 2 Fast 2 Furious), Gal Gadot, (Gisele - Fast and Furious) Matt Schulze (Vince -The Fast and Furious) and Sung Kang (Han - Tokyo Drift) all return for one of the most action packed Fast and Furious movies ever. They are faced with a tough federal agent Luke Hoobs (the Rock) who will stop at nothing to hunt them down. I will not give away any more but, I'm happy to say Fast Five does not disappoint. This Movie is action packed from start to finish, and even though it has many over the top moments it is still one heck of an enjoyable action ride. Just like the original film that started it all, this new and final installment will also have you on the edge of your seat. Don't listen to bitter critics, if you like a fun entertaining movie to take you away from your life for a few hours check this movie out! Im going to miss Paul and Vin and all the crew, but will be forever thankful for all the awesome Fast films they brought us and am happy to watch them again and again on DVD or blu-ray! Fast Five [Blu-ray]  Be sure and stay for the end credits for a unexpected twist.
 This was my FIRST time buying DVDs from Amazon I was like hey it's Black Friday and it's a good deal. I get the DVD and I open it to find 3 DVDs one for the BluRay, another for the computer and another regular DVD. I can give the other two I dont use to my sister. It's like I got a three for one!!
 Ok guys seriously don't be a cheapskate if you liked the fun speed-filled first movie and the last few movies get this one because it doesn't get much bigger than this as far as action-packed movies of the summer, especially when you get a duke out between Dwayne "The Rock Johnson and Vin Diesal. And last of all let's face it this movie was made for high-def fun. Btw stay-tuned after credits
 Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster team up again for some more heart pounding adrenaline action. This movie takes place after Fast and Furious. The film brings the crew back together in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil for one last job to get their freedom before disappearing forever. Some of the previous stars through the past Fast and Furious films return, including Tyrese Gibson, (Roman Pearce - 2 Fast 2 Furious) Ludacris (Tej - 2 Fast 2 Furious), Gal Gadot, (Gisele - Fast and Furious) Matt Schulze (Vince -The Fast and Furious) and Sung Kang (Han - Tokyo Drift) all return for one of the most action packed Fast and Furious movies ever. They are faced with a tough federal agent Luke Hoobs (the Rock) who will stop at nothing to hunt them down. I will not give away any more but, I'm happy to say Fast Five does not disappoint. This Movie is action packed from start to finish, and even though it has many over the top moments it is still one heck of an enjoyable action ride. Just like the original film that started it all, this new and final installment will also have you on the edge of your seat. Don't listen to bitter critics, if you like a fun entertaining movie to take you away from your life for a few hours check this movie out! Im going to miss Paul and Vin and all the crew, but will be forever thankful for all the awesome Fast films they brought us and am happy to watch them again and again on DVD or blu-ray! <a href="http
 Beware, the extended cut of the movie primarily adds minor content changes; there is one new scene, which is detailed below.  The Extended Cut is slightly over one minute longer than the theatrical cut, most new scenes add just CGI blood, most of the time the blood being barely noticeable.  1)  When Zizi's armed thugs attack Toretto's hideout, one of the thugs has his gun turned on himself by Toretto with CGI blood added in.  2)  When Hobbs attacks three of Zizi's thugs in the favela shootout, there is re-inserted CGI blood when Hobbs shoots one and knifes the other.  The neck breaking of the last thug seems a little more brutal.  3)  Hobbs' men fire on Zizi's thugs for a few seconds longer.  4)  Slightly extended scene where Tej asks for a duplicate safe.  5)  New scene
 This is just a great film. It's fun, it's loud, it's got story, and it's got gorgeous girls and amazing cars. That's the recipe for an awesome blockbuster. I'd heard the hype, and had always planned to see it, but I didn't know it would be as good as it was. it was just bada**. I came to Amazon the minute it was over to try and pre-order the Blu-ray--it is that good. Sure, it's cliche a lot of the time, but cliche doesn't have to be a bad thing. If you liked the original film then this is right on par with that--I think it's even better.I can't wait for the 6th one to come out!
 This film is utterly amazing from the opening scene..I was quiet as a mouse the entire 2 hours of this whole movie..i just couldn't take my eyes off the screen or yelling wooo in excitement of the absolutely amazing action sequences.. very breathtaking some of the best action scenes since Bad Boy 2...Everyone was great from Paul Walker to the surprisingly  hilarious Tyrese Gibson..The Rock was just excellent and was an interesting and smart addition to the cast.. like I said everyone was great which also made the film an even better feeling in the end.I find it hard for any other film being released this summer season too be as good as this 1 right here..because Fast 5 was a summer blockbuster at it's ultimate best.Hands Down the best of the Fast franchise.!!!!!!!!!!!!! A
 Movie - 4.5  So I hadn't seen a single Fast & Furious movie prior to this. But I was browsing through Best Buy for my copies of other titles that came out that day when I saw the BB exclusive SteelBook edition. So for the first time in a while, I made a blind-buy based solely on the aforementioned packaging and the fact that The Rock was in it. I expected the preconceived notion that the other films had established (fast cars and hot girls), but was very surprised at how great of an action-heist-thriller this turned out to be. The story starts with Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) being sentenced to prison (I'm guessing from F4), and then breaking out. Meanwhile, former federal agent turned fugitive, Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker), and Mia Toretto (Jordana Brewster) are on the run in Rio de Janeiro. They agree to take a job to steal some federally-impounded cars belonging to Brazilian crime boss Hernan Reyes (Joaquim de Almeida). During the robbery a couple of DEA agents are killed, in which the U.S. government then sends DSS agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) to apprehend Dom and O'Connor. Like I said, I've not seen a single film in the series, so whatever character-building there was I don't know about it. I just thought it would be interesting for once to take a movie this far into the lineup, watch it, and see if I'd like it (which I really did). Oddly enough, there wasn't as much street racing as I thought there'd be considering that's what I heard to be the draw. The action in this particular entry, however, is pretty exhilarating. I've been wanting to see The Rock in another action flick since The Rundown and Faster, and it's good to see him back doing what he does best (can't wait to see him in G.I. Joe either). And from what little I'd seen of Vin Diesel, I thought he was a pretty good action guy himself. But to see both he and The Rock duking it out (quite viciously, too) was very cool to watch. On top of that, the last half hour with the vault heist and all the stunt work they had to coordinate is among the best I've seen from a production standpoint. If you haven't seen any of the Fast & Furious yet, I can wholeheartedly recommend you at least start here.  Video - 5.0  - Video codec
 I was recently stuck on a 14 hour flight and the selection of movies was not that great.  Usually, I avoid action movies like the plague, but I decided to give this one a try.  This movie is fantastic from start to finish, and seems to rise above its subject matter and origins.  The cast are great, and they all look like they are having tremendous fun. Plus, not one of the parts has been underwritten - all of them have something good to say or something fun to do.  My favourite was the Rock. He was wonderfully over the top in this movie, and he looks like he eats and drinks testosterone at every meal.  This movie is great fun and will not leave you disappointed.
 When I first saw its trailer in the theatre, I thought it's going to be another bad sequel. How wrong I was! I have watched Fast Five both in the theatre and at home. Every time, I was absolutely entertained. That's the feeling I haven't got for a long time after watching action films.  The excitement is non-stop from the beginning till the end. I'm sorry, I can't go into details here. Otherwise, it will ruin your excitement.  The special effects with cars are the best that I've ever seen so far. Especially,  in the last scene where 2 cars pulled the vault into the street. Of course, I had to suppress my logic to enjoy the movie. If you like action scenes with cars, you don't want to miss this one.  In short, this is the best of all action sequences. It's also one of the BEST that my MONEY CAN GET. I own a DVD copy of it.
 I enjoyed "Fast Five  when I first saw it in a darkened theater last April. I enjoyed it even more when I shared the DVD with my wife. What Danny Ocean did to Las Vegas, Dom Toretto does to Rio de Janeiro. He assembles a cool crew of specialists to take down a big-time crime boss. The action is (pardon the pun) fast and furious. When Special Agent Hobbs is added to the mix, you have a really volatile combination. It was fun watching Vin and Dwayne go at each other.  The DVD is not big on special features, but the extended version adds a crucial minute that's missing in the theatrical version.
 Remember back in the day when you were all wistful for Stallone and Schwarzenegger to be in the same movie or, on a subservient level, for Seagal and Van Damme to do something together? FAST FIVE is the best - and biggest - in the Fast & the Furious franchise for any number of reasons, but a big chunk of the hells yeah! stems from the Rock stepping into the series. You knew, you just knew, he and Vin Diesel would be champing at the bit to claim head chair in the pecking order. Adrenalin junkies are accordingly put on alert.  FAST FIVE opens by replaying the closing sequence of the previous (and fourth) installment, with Dom Toretto's (Vin Diesel) being sprung during his transit to penitentiary. This prison - or, more accurately, prison bus - break is masterminded by former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) who has now irrevocably crossed that line. This marks the first time that Walker and Diesel's characters are working on the same side for the entire length of the film. And yet that streak of competitiveness is still there. O'Conner is still earnestly obsessed with proving that he's the superior wheel man. Dom continues to humor him, probably trying not to smirk.  Awesomely, FAST FIVE reunites the core cast of the previous four flicks, and I soaked in the cool factor of seeing Tyrese Gibson, Luda, Sung Kang, Don Omar, and Tego Calderon rub elbows with Diesel and Walker. Now fugitives from justice and finding stateside too hot for comfort, Dom, O'Conner, and Mia (Jordana Brewster) have fled to parts unknown. But when a daring Brazilian train caper goes south and ends up with Dom and O'Conner accused of murdering three DEA agents, in comes a relentless U.S. strike force ramrodded by the determined and growly Agent Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson). And right away you can feel the ferocity the Rock brings to his role. Oooh, I was anticipating the inevitable butting of heads.  But that's just one of the story threads. The central one concerns our likable rogues' planning and orchestrating of one final huge score. Dom and O'Conner have aimed with ambition and with brazenness, targeting the primo drug kingpin in Rio de Janeiro. Except that this Big Bad is one careful, meticulous sumbitch, his stash of $100 million cached in ten holdings spread throughout the city and guarded by an army of corrupt cops on his payroll. The trick is how do you get to all ten stashes without ruining that element of surprise? It's pretty clever how Dom gets around this complication.  FAST FIVE does present several good character moments which ground our cast, sort of. I say "sort of because, honestly, this franchise's enduring global popularity is built around high-octane, wildly improbable, tremendously entertaining  action sequences (oh, and hot cars and hot chicks in skimpy clothing). But the franchise's stabs at a richer emotional tonality allow the viewer to accept the film's more absurd stunts or at least view them with a more expansive eye. We're treated to three audacious action set pieces (the epic train heist, the chase across the rooftops of a Brazilian slum, the runaway bank vault). We see the brutal, no-holds-barred Rock vs. Diesel fighty fight. We note the film's scorn of the laws of physics. It pays never mind to the logistics involving our heroes surviving a two-hundred-feet plunge into the drink or two cars hauling a bank vault while engaged in a car chase with a troop of police cars. It scoffs at the impossibility of fingerprints being lifted from a bikini. Except that these flaws don't bug me. I only point them out to demonstrate that I'm no wide-eyed daisy. I'm aware of the implausibilities, the ridiculousness of the stuff that goes down, as is director Justin Lin, if you listen to his audio commmentary. This film ain't for nitpickers; it'll be like target practice for them. For my money, FAST FIVE delivers enough solid character interactions, but, no, this isn't a Merchant Ivory production. Instead, it's all about the larger-than-life characters and their dangerous attitudes and it's about the stupendous wall-to-wall action. It's sheer escapism. And, also, maybe you should stick around for the closing credits.  The DVD's bonus stuff
 really enjoyed the movie. hands down the best of the franchise so far. over the top and action packed! what more can you ask for? cannot wait for the next one!
 enjoyed the movie good action look forward to the next in a series of high performance cars and speed with different locations
 I own all the fast and furious movies, and I preordered this one. I loved fast five in the theaters, so I had to get this one for myself too!
 I always thought these movies were fun.  The street racing, the drama etc but this film is on a new level.  Everything I got in the old version of the "Italian Job that I did not get in the new one is all here.  A crazy con, stunts reaching new heights in the art and a great story.  This movie is a must if you liked the "Italian Job".  I am so getting this on blu ray.
 Fun and entertaining, just what it  should be.  Went more the direction of a heist movie, but that's what made it work.  How many times can they keep reinventing the same car race & chase movies?  I liked the first four *okay*, they were entertaining enough, but this  one was much more refreshing than any of the other sequels  have been.  And don't  get me wrong, this is not  Oceans 14.  This is a tough-guy, fast-paced action heist  movie.  Maybe more like the Italian Job.
 I was hooked from all the sexyness in the movie first. But when I watched it I also liked the plot. I would definetley reccomend. I especially like how they brought everyone from the others together. I also like the twist at the end after the crdits
 The first Fast movie I saw was #4 and only because my son begged me to go.  The movie grabbed me from the opening shot, and didn't let go until the close.  I literally found myself trying to catch a breath at times.  Of course, I immediately had to go out and buy the first three.  #1 was so good I couldn't believe I'd missed it for all these years.  #2 was very good with at least one of the original cast and the addition of a couple of other good actors.  #3 was nothing like the others, but was, for what it was, watchable.  I couldn't wait for Fast Five to open and was not disappointed at all.  We are huge Vin Diesel fans and love the Rock, so this was a real treat for us.  We've actually seen it twice at the theaters and will probably go at least one more time.  And I just preordered the DVD.  No matter how you see it, though, sit through the credits for a real surprise!  If you love good action movies, no matter how improbably they are (and really, anything else is just real life, isn't it), don't wait to see this one.
 This is the best of the Fast and Furious movies in my opinion. It keeps you on the edge of your seat right from the beginning and never gets boring. Saw this in theaters and will definitely be buying it when it comes out! Make sure you keep watching until a couple minutes into the credits or you'll miss a very important part of the movie!
 Super entertaining, edge-of-your seat action movie that has it all. Don't take this movie too seriously and you'll have a great time. During some of the scenes the audience was laughing out loud (for example
 The best Fast Five movie since the original.  I've never seen so many car crashes in my life.  Loved seeing all the original cast members and some new additions.  It was a thrill ride from beginning to end and then some.  It wasn't just action and no substance either.  The story was well thought out and very original for being the fifth movie in the series.  I didn't go in expecting but more of the same from before but I got much more.  Go see this movie or at least buy it on DVD when it comes out.  You'll be kicking yourself later if you don't.
 It's a fun movie,it has action and everything we love about the Fast and Furious series!! Get this movie it's not to be missed!!
 This movie really rocked! I know there will be a part 6 coming, for sure... that even makes it more satisfying than ever!! Way to go, characters of Fast Five! Keep it up!!! Whooo!
 this fifth installment to the fast and the furious movies is awesome. the original cast is back in this movie. This is a great movie a great adition to the series. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 Fast Five in my opinion is the best installment out of the 5 movies. The last one was awesome but this just had so much original action sequences with the dragging of a vault down the street causing havoc, cop cars racing and a truck you can use to steal cars off a train. Very fun movie with everything you want out of an action movie. Definitely recommended. And on a side note, the fight between the Rock & Vin Diesel is just bad a$$!
 With Vin Diesel and the Rock Johnson beating down on each other you just can't beat this movie. I'd recommend it to everyone
 Best movie of the series. the fast and the furious story continues with this amazing movie. would definitely recommend to anyone who likes car movies.
 What do i say, well, Vin Diesel, he is the new Arnold! He has been for awile. mind the spellin. You want action VIN is the man! Vin Diesel that is, the movie is worth watchin and tellin everyone about!. More than worth the rental!. great movie Vin and THE ROCK were well worth it! Rent it!
 Item arrived fast just like the movie and the DVD was excellent. As always antime I order from Amazon the service is excellent.
 CANT WAIT TO GET THIS MOVIE FOR OUR SON FOR CHRISTMAS.... HE HAS ALL THE MOVIES... HE'S 9 AND LOVES FAST CARS! GREAT ACTION MOVIE THE WHOLE FAMILY ENJOYED!
 Item arrived on time no problems at all. Both the DVD and the Blue Ray works great. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
 This is my favorite Fast and Furious movie yet! Always keeps you on your toes and got it for a great deal on Amazon. Packaging and shipping was flawless, got it quick and safely packaged.
 Awesome movie, great price and here ON release date!!  Who could ask for more!! Thanks for wonderful customer service as always.
 I pre-ordered the new Fast Five DVD from Amazon a few weeks before it was to be released. I received the DVD in the mail on the exact date of release, it was great. The movie is awesome, I have already watched it so many times. I was very pleased with Amazon and how quick and easy it was to pre-order this DVD. It was also cheaper to pre-order from Amazon, then to pre-order it from Walmart or Target. I am very pleased with this transaction!
 BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TO COME OUT AND ITS THE BEST ONE THEY MADE OUT OF ALL OF THEM.tHERE IS TONS OF ACTION IN THIS MOVIE NON STOP AND I LIKE IT CAUSE ALL THE ACTORS FROM ALL THE FAST FIVE MOVIES ARE IN THIS ONE JUST EXCITING.This is a must see movie!
 I got it as a gift, and it was long overdue!! I wasn't able to see it in theaters when it came out, but I was able to watch it three times in a row at home!!! Action and humor packed, worth getting for the fans of Fast and Furious franchise. The Rock brought an interesting dynamic to it. The end leaves me wondering if there will be another Fast movie...............
 Great cast, awesome popcorn flick and eye candy. Vin Disel and the Rock need I say more ;-)I have always enjoyed the Fast and Furious series. And with the cliff hanger at the end (no spoilers) I can not wait until the next installment 
 I still consider "The Fast and the Furious to be the best in the series, but "Fast Five comes very, very close.  All five movies constitute the purest of popcorn entertainment, which is why they're so terrific.  This one, as Amazon's reviewer points out, borrows quite a bit of its plot from "Ocean's 11, but it does so in a sufficiently inventive way (I don't recall George Clooney dragging a bank vault attached to his sportscar through the Vegas streets in that one).  You also need to have seen the first four movies in order to really appreciate the fifth installment (since most of the supporting characters from those movies reappear).  And, I must admit, I didn't particularly like the end-credits "twist, which simply doesn't fit (without spoiling things too much, it reminded me of the final shot in "Pirates of the Caribbean
 it was a great movie the beginning got me pumped up and once it was over i just wanted to drive. i have to sat the 4th movie was the best anf fast 5 tied with the 1st and 2nd movie and Tokyo drift just sucked
 ok if you want reality stay away from the movies.  if you want a break from reality and a good time that has fast cars and some seriously awsome driving then watch this movie.  they pull a safe out of a wall with two cars.  is this reality no but is this an awsome way to steal some crooks money oh yeah!  The fight scene holds no limits and will be hard to top in the future fasts.  I am waiting to buy it and add it to my collection.  i hope in the deleted scenes they have vins race for pinks.  watch the movie and you will know what i mean.
 this movie is awesome. bought it for my fiance so he will be surprised at christmas this year. went to the theatre to see this and was wowed by the best fight scene between The Rock and Vin. definately a double thumbs up for this one. can't wait till part 6 is released.
 Minus the "Bourne and "Transformers series, action films aren't my thing. The characters usually should've died several scenes before and the action scenes usually last too long. In "Fast Five, I won't deny that there were definitely some suspicious scenes that made me think, "How in the world did you escape being shot by THAT many people? and why would you do THAT knowing your physical state (no spoilers!) right now? But something about fast car movies always makes me want to give them a pass. Roman Pierce (Tyrese's character) cracks me up so I was wondering how him and Dom would get along. Throw in Vin Diesel against The Rock, Tyrese and Paul Walker, and you have one easy winner of a film. The idea of two men big enough to make me remember Cedric the Entertainer's joke about Vin Diesel being "half car going at it made me cringe. When Vin Diesel and The Rock started fighting, all I kept thinking was, "They're going to kill each other without any weapons necessary. It was like watching weights slam into each other at a gym. I really had no idea who would win, but it was fun to watch. Although I cringe about knowing Paul Walker likes to hunt in real life, he's gorgeous so any scene he was in, I was looking at him solely. Well, minus when Tyrese was onscreen, who I think is equally gorgeous. But what I love about Brian O'Conner is how easily he seems to fit in with any crowd. I don't think many actors could play Brian O'Conner's role in a believable way, not with characters like Vin Diesel, Tyrese and Tego Calderon surrounding him. The pretty boy looks are put on the backburner when you put him in a car. I've been a fan of Tyrese in the singing and acting business since he started so I'm an easy supporter of his career, and if there's anything Vin Diesel is in, I'm going to be in somebody's movie theater watching it.  Cons
 I have to say that if you miss whatserfuss, you need to buy this movie and watch the end.  Awesome!!
 What makes a good action flick? Who knows for sure? But this one has it all, whatever it is!  The family is back, and this time, they are re-recruiting many of the actors from the other four F & F's. As an added bonus, Dwayne "The Rock Johnson and the 5'3 extreme hottie, Elsa Pataky, are on board as well. ALL of the F & F flicks are a bit short on storyline, but who needs a lot of pondering, yawn-inducing love stories, and brain-damaging twists to make the best picture of the spring? Not Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, or Paul Walker, that's for sure.  After Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) and Mia Toretto (Jordana Brewster) break Mia's brother, Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), out of a bus transporting prisoners to their final destination, prison, we soon find them all shacking up in South America. Although the entire train scene was edge-of-your-seat, the real white-knuckled fun starts in Brazil, and there ain't too much "shacking up going on here either. The story is a bit thin, so for me to elaborate on it would give it away in totality, however, I can tell you that the story is exactly what it's supposed to be...perfect and not too over-the-top for what the movie is trying to do, which is bringing on the action, relieving the tension with occasional humor (VERY funny stuff, by the way), the rooting for the good guys (who are essentially bad to a degree), the serious love between the Toretto's (Dom, Mia, and their brother, Vince), and their love for O'Conner. It's a tight-clique buddy-flick, like "The Losers and "The Expendables, but MUCH better than the former and even a bit better than the latter.  All of the five-star reviews you're seeing on Amazon, Rotten Tomatoes, and Blu-Ray.com are the real deal. You honestly feel for these people, and you care what happens to them. The action sequences are top-notch, well-filmed, and superior to anything I have seen recently, or ever, for that matter. There is some truly incredible stuff going on here...especially the whole vault scene, which was absolutely awesome, to say the least.  If you like action flicks, PLEASE don't miss this one. It has everything you're looking for and more. Also, make sure you stick around for a final scene after the credits roll. This scene tells us that there is NO QUESTION about a F & F Part Six coming up in the near future.  One more note
 when i found out they were coming out with another one, i got excited and wanted to watch it, but i didnt have high hopes, i mean come on...5 movies, there is rarely ever five sequels that come out and are stil good and fun to watch...there are movies where the second one blows horriblely, so like i said, no high hopes...but i was far from wrong...i really loved this movie..i think that it might be my favorite out of all of them...i saw a comment that said that you couldnt give it five stars cus it was far from perfect and unrealistic...i mean its a movie...i never really go into a movie and expect it to be down right perfect and believable...i mean i go for the entertainment, and this movie really did the job, i cant wait for it to come out so i can by it...i mean you cant judge a movie by it realistic state, i mean i guess you can, but what fun is that...so anyways, for any fast and furious fan that hasnt seem this movie yet, i highly recomend it, i would def. recomend for your collection(if you have one)(i do ;))
 We went to see this the weekend it opened and it was fantastic. When the Rock and VinDiesel have their fight scene it was like watching two massive bulls go at it. If you missed it on the big screen watch it on the biggest flat screen you can find. It will make a difference.
 Thank so much. I got the DVD earlier than I expect. The picture, audio everything was perfect.Keep the good job. Thank you.
 Look, it's not really about the money. Money comes and money goes. It doesn't love you. You shouldn't love it back. How could you have any self-respect? That's why I'm always in the gym working out at the bench press. Sometimes I'm in the tanning bed. I special order those tiny big-boy tees.  No, it's about family. It's about all my friends. It's about kicking back with some brewskis and making sexist comments when our Penthouse Pet cohorts are looking the other way.  It's about recklessly endangering lives of pedestrians and other drivers, and destroying millions of dollars of city property wherever in the world we choose to go. Like I said, it's not about the money, but god forbid you have more money than me, and I happen to get wind of it. I'm sorry, did I kill your puppy while I was on my driving spree? Just having a bit of fun, me and the boys, didn't you see my dastardly yet charming grin after your car blew up?  You see, it's all about freedom. So if you don't get out of my way, I'll have to kill you.
 La pel&iacute;cula brinda al espectador lo que espera de ella
 ** MINOR PLOT SYNOPSIS (MINUS ENDING)**  Vin Diesel is busted out of prison and is reunited with his sister Jordana Brewster (who I fell in love with in D.E.B.S.) and her bf Paul Walker in Rio, the most recognized skyline in the world. They are bad guys stealing cars off a train. As things turned out, these were cars seized by the Brazilian DEA, who for some reason unlike their American counterparts don't disable the vehicles. Due to infighting, the effort is partially botched and Vin Diesel and Walker end up as captives of a Rio mobster. They discover he wants one of the cars back real bad. After they escape they dismantle the car to find out way.  Meanwhile Dwayne Johnson comes down from the US to take back Vin Diesel. It seems the US has jurisdiction in Brazil, but hey its a movie. From a chip in the vehicle, Vin Diesel discovers that the crime boss has money stored in various cash houses throughout the city. Walker and Vin Diesel assemble a Mission Impossible team to go after the cash. They attack the first cash house and burn the money which forces the mobster to relocate all his eggs into one basket. As it turns out, that basket is inside the evidence safe at the police station, making the task of that one last hit a bit more difficult. At this point the movie takes a few interesting twists and turns.  The plot contains numerous implausibilities as does most Mission Impossible action movies, vehicles that can bust through concrete walls (that never use rebar), and don't even scratch the head lights. The ending will keep Myth Busters busy for a season.
 Let me preface this review by saying that if you are a fan of the Fast and Furious movies strictly for the cars and the racing, you may not share my pure love for this movie. There is very little racing, and one scene of drifting. Fast Five is my favorite of the movies because it had plot beyond racing. It had the best characters from the four previous movies (even Tokyo Drift) and it incorporated a heist. I love a good heist. The chase scene at the end of the movie is awesome, in my opinion. A lot of stunts were unbelievable, but it's a movie, so there should be shock value. Watch the scene after the credits because there will be a Fast Six. This movie is one of the best action movies of 2011.
 Don't get me wrong, I love the Fast and Furious trilogy, and I understand that the movie has what we call in Brazil
 Ever wondered whether a meeting between Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson a.k.a. The Rock would eclipse a meeting between Stallone / Schwarzenegger / Willis?  Wonder no more - Fast and Furious 5 conclusively ends that debate. This is an epic movie, original, creative action right from start of the movie to the end. Not only action is superb, the acting is good too. A movie with equal amount of action and heart. Paul Walker adds to the mix with his great acting as well.  The thing I like about his movie is there is virtually no gimmick. Just an excellent chemistry between a whole bunch of actors, mindblowing action and great storyline. I've never seen such action scenes before... epic!  I watched this without any idea what I was expecting, and I was simply blown away. Get this, you won't regret it.
 great movie, exactly how it was in theaters. This is probably one of the best Fast/Furious movies in the entire series.
 First of all, I love this series of movies, ever since the first one, but this one, oh wow! It is soooo awesome! I'm now rating this one as one of my top five favorite movies of all time. This movie is freaking awesome and it makes me drool. For one the cars, my dream car is a Nissan GTR, but one that is a little more affordable is the 2011 Dodge Charger and seeing them as police cars and also the 2012 Dodge Charger SRT-8's. I could believe it, they were awesome! Now I haven't gone through all the blu-ray, but the extended edition I saw no extras scenes or notice any new parts, that I hadn't seen at the theater. If you wanted an extended edition, go get the Lord of the Rings extended editions, those were awesome, to me the longer the movie the better. I am still definitely happy with the blu-ray, the movie looks great plus my fiancee can have the dvd, and with all my digital copies, I though about just putting them on my laptop and if I want to watch them on there some time I could.  All in all the movie is great, the blu-ray is great, can't be happier!
 We thoroughly enjoyed this and consider it to be the best in this series of movies, so far. Highly entertaining, especially the final chase scene!
 best of all fast & furious movies, awesome action scenes (the bridge, the safe, and the fight scenes) hope this anit the last one... i want more!!!!<a href="http
 has to be the best in the series so far. the rock was an excellent addition to the crew the fight between him and Vin was terrific. had a nice way of bringing together all the movies in the series by bringing in memorable charters from all the movies. a must have for any fan of the series. cant wait for the next one
 Okay, I'm a HUGE fan of Vin's and always enjoy watching his movies, over and over again.  I eagerly anticipated Fast Five.  When it came out I went to see it (several times) and I don't recommend seeing it on the Big Screen, it just got to close.  That being said this movie had action and lots of it.  I loved it!  With each movie in this series the only thing negative I can say about them is that it was a mistake to not have Vin in all of them.  Of course Vin rocks as an actor and he just keeps getting better and better. A couple of the reviews talk about how it wasn't possible for the two cars to pull that safe through a wall.  Guys, it's the movies.  That's why it's the movies.  You know, to bring fantasy to the big screen.  Can't you just enjoy seeing something for the fun of seeing it done?  Who cares if it could happen in real life or not.  Heck, is it something you plan on doing?  Anyway, watching these muscle-bound guys in awesome muscle cars was great!  Justin Lin is an impressive director.  I'll have to watch more of his stuff.  Brian O'Conner, Tego Calder&oacute;n and Don Omar are becoming fast favorites of mine.  You want to know the best part though?  If you stayed through the credits, I would never leave my Vin until the projector stops running, I think Letty, aka Michelle Rodriguez is coming BACK!!!!!!  Can't wait.  I hope it's not a long wait for the next one.  So all in all based on plot, action etc.
 Fast Five is a return to form of the franchise which began 10 years ago in 2011. After several attempts to recreate the original magic (including Fast And Furious from 2009 which featured both Paul Walker and Vin Diesel) which didn't quite satisfy, Fast Five not only brings back most key characters from all the previous films (thankfully sans Lucas Black from Tokyo Drift), but manages to become the most action-packed and fun film in the saga, and begins a new chapter in what hopefully will be more films to follow.  The characters have evolved so much since the original, and it is quite a bit of fun to see. Add to the mix Dwayne "The Rock Johnson as an DSS agent, and you get to see a brawl that action stars have been drooling over for years.  This is a no-brainer for your movie collection, if you have ever enjoyed the F & F films, or are an action-movie junkie. The best in the series, hands down.
 I rarely ever do a review on here of anything. Even though I have bought numourous things off of Amazon I rarely ever do a review. But after seeing Fast Five I feel like I need to tell the world how good it is. But if action movies aren't your thing and your more of a Black Swan or Benjamin Button type of person this ain't for you. But if you like good unbeliveable action movies that keep you on the edge of your seat than this is for you. Vin Diesel and crew really out did themselves with this one and one can only imagine what part 6 will be like. Yes the action is unrealistic and would never ever happen in real life without them dying but that's the fun of these movies. You see stuff you wouldn't normally see in real life like two guys driving a car off a cliff into the water. Or someone dragging a safe full of money down the freeway knocking over cars in the process. Or shootouts over roof tops in Rio. Besides the action in this movie I like the characters in this one or character, The Rock. They finally introduce someone how can take on Vin Diesel and make it believable. When Rock is off camara you want him back and when he's back he is on point. Rock should get his own spinoff or something after this and it's nice to see him back in a action movie. Rock and Vin Diesel go at it in their fight scene which I hope there is more of in part 6. The other characters are from the previous movies like Ludacris, Tyrese & others. They are brought back to help Paul Walker and Vin Diesel pull off a heist against a man who tried to have them killed in the beginning. It's nice to see the characters from 2 Fast reunited and even those from Tokyo Drift. There isn't much street racing and I think that was a good choice. I think that it was a good ideal for them to drop the whole street race angle because it was getting played out and refresh the franchise with the whole heist job thing. Although they should have started it with Fast and Furious because that was sort of a letdown. Speaking of Fast and Furious it's ashame they went and killed off Diesel's girl she would have been good in this. Oh yeah watch after the credits to see the set up for part 6 if someone hasn't already told you about it or you' ve already watched it on Youtube.
 Despite the fact I'm hating how far a franchise goes in terms of how they prolong a storyline, I loved this movie.  The end scene after the credits points a fast and furious six which there already commercials for.  The beginning scene was very intense and greatly captured.  I recommend this to all Fast and Furious fans.  It may be a prolonged storyline, but this one is worth it!!
 I ordered the movie got it home and it worked just fine. Anyone that loves the Fast movies should get this!
 At first, I was not sure if FAST FIVE would be worth my time but after watching it; I wanted more.  There is plenty of action from the sick driving scenes to the hardcore fights free-for-all.  From the beginning to the end this movie does keep you on your seats waiting for the next plot turn.  The Rock, to me, stole the show.  His kick-ass take no prisoners until the job is done mentally is GREAT.  The ending after the credits is a must see and leaves you with more questions than answers.  This movie is a great pick for a rental or too own you can't go wrong with either decision.
 This is one of my favorites and this was the last one of the set I have been purchasing.  Great movie with the originals from the earlier movies.
 Fun movie to watch I have the hole set of moive they are fun to watch for hours an hours of car racing. Great movie.
 Fast and Furious Five has everything I could have hoped for. Lots and lots of sweet, beautiful action; clever plot; amazing set of actors; sweet ending; good movie length (it isn't short which is a big win); totally exciting. This is the movie that I will watch again, this is the movie that is a must for my collection. I can't wait for Fast and Furious 6. In my opinion this is the best of all Fast & Furious movies. Fast Five definitely has a shot at Best Picture. Amazing movie. I had no idea, Fast Five would be so awesome! Fast Five deserves every single dollar it has earned! There are so many new movies that aren't nearly as good as this one. Amazing.
 GREAT CONDITION! GOT IT FAST AND NO PROBLEMS! THANKS SO MUCH! I love Amazon SHOPPING! get FAST FIVE NOW! my collection is complete till 6 comes out! haha
 Okay, I love racing movies, especially the Fast and Furious movies with their constant racing, girls, and girls. Yeah, I said it. Anyways, I've always been a fan of Vin Diesel and Paul Walker. They are both great actors, along with making the movie a bit more exciting with their, on and off relation ship of deciding weather he was a part of the family or not. This movie, had so much actions, I actually sat through the whole thing, and ate my popcorn. I recommend it, watch it now! D
 This is best Fast and the Furious that has been made to date because it has all of the favorites for the original-The Fast and the Furious & 2 Fast 2 Furious not the mention all the others in between. Fast Five has all the actors that you loved from the privious ones into one movie. Add it to your collection.
 Wow!  This movie has it all..great cast and great story...with a special treat - "The Rock"!  A great "good bad guys movie!  The only time you are on the side of the thieves...
 Not really being a fan of action films and only watching the third Fast/Furious movie, I wasn't too stoked about watching this in theaters (Big mistake) and instead only rented it recently, WOW!  The film just opens up with cars racing and busting Vin Diesel out of prison in the most unrealistic way possible, and leads to the characters hiding out in Rio evading the FBI and the army in Rio who are all after the main characters. It's like one big action scene after another, with little intervals of the guys snorting testosterone and yelling at each other to keep the plot moving along. Fast Five ain't no Citizen Kane that's for sure, but for an action film it's perfection. The characters all have good chemistry together, the Rock (or is it Dwayne now?) makes a good rival to Vin Diesel and every action scene was creative and not something I've normally seen before, especially the final chase scene.  Chances are you've probably already seen this, but Fast Five is one damn good action flick coming from someone who's not usually a fan of action films.
 This is the best fast and furious movie by far! Awesome stunts, great acting, and plenty of star power, and with number six approching the star power seems to be growing. If your a fan don't miss this one, you will be kicking yourself if you do.
 Great movie with lots of action. The latest in the Fast and Furious series. Loved fight scenes with the "Rock and Vin Diesel. Great driving scenes.
 Flat out, the best action and stunt sequences of 2011. Anyone who's unconvinced that this type of movie making isn't its own art form needs to watch closer. I've never been a fan of the Fast & Furious franchise, but this movie won me over and then some. Sure, the dialogue's a bit hokey and the acting not exactly Oscar worthy, but that's not the point here. Those stunt sequences, especially the crazy chase that ends the film, are absolutely breathtaking.
 The fast and the furious franchise has evolved, but some things stay the same
 I really love these movies(hopefully they'll make a 6 with Michelle(Letty) back).cool,fast cars great actors, just all 'round great movie.
 I love that they have pick up on the storyline and really made something great with it. if you like the other before this then you will love this even more. I cant wait to see what is next
 The scene with the safe and all the car crashes was absolutely my favorite part. Paul walker and vin diesel really made good actors for this type of movie. Brilliant!
 Like I keep repeating, I buy these movies because I love them I've already watched it, 3 times and it's in perfect condition, no bugging or freezing! Thanks
 In regards to the radical driving off a huge cliff scene.  I recently learned that it was popular for men to try to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge when it was first constructed. Survival from this jump was pretty dicey. Some guys made it and some didn't. The first guy to try it died when he hit the water 135 feet below. Others were knocked unconscious and had to be saved by boats in the water. One guy claimed to do it without anyone seeing him and then opened up a successful restaurant based on the fact that he jumped. So really with falls of that height it is going to be pretty much up to the individual.  With a 200 foot fall the likelihood of survival becomes even less but that's when you have to factor in who is falling in this movie. You're talking about Paul Walker and Vin Diesel. Obviously they can handle it. Vin Diesel is a guy that can jump a motorcycle 40 feet into the air without even trying. Paul Walker is a determined man that won't let countless obstacles stop him from finding his dogs, you think a two hundred foot fall is going to stop him? Come on get serious.  look for my full review at [..]
 This is one of the best in the series.  I think the original, tokyo drift were all great too.  bought this when it was on sale and for what its worth, its a great package being that it comes with Bluray/DVD.  Story was well written, I think its more action than it is talking.  Some parts were slow, but, overall it was enough to keep me interested.  You kind of expect certain events to play out and know the outcome.  Some cool stunts pulled off in this movie and although in real life this is impossible, but, still its overall entertaining.
 Of course this is an excellent movie.  Very happy with the price and the packaging.  Item came as described and packed well.
 great movie this movie tied all the other movies together to make it all make sence truly well done. I dont usually like movies that have more than one or two sequals before they get just much to rediculous ...not the case here .
 You can't get a better combo of hot muscle and fast cars.  Diesel & Johnson were made to do movies together!
 Fast Five reunion - everyone from the first movie is back. Dwayne Johnson was a great addition. Awesome chase scene!
 This movie is great! The director is a keeper, he knows the right feel for this franchise. I hope they don't change because they have a Hot item here and I don't think anyone else out there will get it right.
 good movie.worth every penny.lots of action with the whole crew of every fast and the furious.must see.quick and fast shipping,plus shipped nicely.
 This movie is great if your a fan of cars or just a heist movie. The movie is worth the money if only to see Vin Diesel and The Rock in a full blown gorilla fight.
 When I saw the movie at the theater, I knew I had to buy it. It's amazing, totally recommend it.
 I was not a fan of the Furious Five series.I thought it was another car movie and I did not want to see it. It since this went on sale I decided to get it and see what it was all about.I was shocked that it was not about a race and I can honestly say I really am glad and I can honestly say I am going to go back and watch these others. You should see it.
 This was complete and utter escapist fantasy!  It didn't matter that parts of the plot were completely unbelievable.  It didn't even matter that there were no captions.  The parts of the scenery that featured the ocean and the countryside surrounding Rio were breathtaking!  Made me totally want to visit and see the ocean.  Guess that's going on my bucket list.  lol  I admit being shallow enough to *totally* enjoy the fight between Johnson and Diesel.  I'm sure it was choreographed all to hell, and yet it looked like they were having so much fun with each other.  Yes, I finished high school.  Yes, I'm older than twelve.  Yes, I'm even a girl.  Yes, I just adored this movie.  Not everything has to be a high-brow cinematic masterpiece.
 This movie fast five is my favortie out of the series. All of the movies are good. The action crazy cool. If you like fast car and hot girls. He movie is for u
 Paul Walker is fantastic!! I love him he's so hot! By far it was the best movie of the Fast and Furious series.
 Another great movie! The Rock was great in this one. The only disappointment was the ending. My grandson loves the movie!
 Item came in quick and in good condition. This is a very good movie, worthy to be in par with the other fast and furious movies. Hard hitting and action packed.
 Well what can I say??....excellent!!5 Start for this movie.A good convination to make the best movie in this time .
 Nice!! This movie was wonderful finale to the Fast and Furious franchise. It had the potential to be an over-kill with all the players from the other films, but it worked out and remained true to the franchise's conception.
 The item came on time and there were no issues with the dvd or its cover. It was very reasonablly priced and my best friend was very excited to receive it.
 DVD arrived very fast. We actually had the DVD in time for Christmas and when I placed the order very late and didn't expect it to arrive that quickly.
 I purchased this video for my son as a Christmas gift, as I knew he wanted it. He had seen it in the theaters when it was first released and raved about it to me. We watched it the day after Christmas and I was as impressed with the action and plot as he was. The dynamic between Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson is great, and the special effects and stunts are amazing.
 We truly like our movie. It arrived on time, and was in excellent condition. We would definetly deal with this again.
 This movie is awesome. Reuniting all the main characters from the franchise was a good idea. The action sequence is unbelievable
 If you like the Fast Five movies, you are REALLY going to like this one! If you like action and/or thriller movies, this is for you - check it out!
 This is one of the best action movies of 2011. In the local retail store, the digital + blu ray copies were about $22, i was able to find it online for much less.
 Saw this movie 4 times in theaters, pre-ordered on first available day!  I've already watched it a dozen times at home...LOVE IT!  The extended version isn't great, it's only 60 seconds longer than the theater version.  Love the extras too.
 My husband and I have enjoyed all the movies in the Fast & Furious series, but this one might just be our favorite. Timeline-wise, it falls after Fast & Furious (#4) but before Tokyo Drift (#3). In my opinion, it revived the series in a fun way and makes me look forward to more in the series. The stunts (while perhaps far-fetched) were done very believable, with little CGI, making the viewing experience very enjoyable. The storyline didn't bore you, and watching Vin Diesel fight the Rock was just plain fun! If you're not a fan of the other movies, you probably won't like this one. However, some friends of our had never seen any of them and watched this with us and now want to watch the whole series.
 Everyone should watch this movie About "POSA", My Hero. He is the current Swedish Champion for Ice Racing,and will be 65  years old in March.Tremendous Film !
 Whether you are a motorcycle racer or an "average motorcyclist (there really is no average motorcyclist in my humble opinion) who can enjoy spectating a moto race this sport is in a league of its own. Likewise, Per-Olof Serenius also known as "Posa is a devoted racer and talent phenom to this particular sport.  Similar to traditional speedway racing these guys take a big bore single cylinder motor, wind it out to ridiculously high prototype power figures, and then shoehorn it into what looks like a Huffy bicycle frame [...] Then they proceed to drive ghoulishly sharp studs through the left side tire wall, suit up in basic motorcycle race leathers, and pilot their machines through the turns at about as close as you can get to parallel with the track surface. There are no brakes on these bikes, in case you are wondering about that.  The video appears to be a tribute to not only ice speedway but also to Posa, a 20 time Swedish champion who even in his 60s remains a tremendous figure in the world championship. Mere mortals like myself are humbled as well as entertained by documentary footage such as this. Highly recommended. A plus production. I have watched it again, and again, and again. Not for the faint of heart.
 When you watch as many films as I do and especially silent films it's always exciting and gratifying to make a new discovery that's truly worthwhile. This set is marketed as REDISCOVERING JACQUES FEYDER FRENCH FILM MASTER and while that is certainly true based on the three films in this collection I would add that Feyder is a master filmmaker period! I knew of Feyder's name from the Greta Garbo vehicle THE KISS made in 1929 which was her last silent film. A good film but not a great one I thought but I have since gained a greater appreciation of it after seeing this collection.  The jewel of the set is unquestionably FACES OF CHILDREN released in 1925. Shot on location in the French Alps, it tells the story of a sensitive boy's reactions to his mother's death and his father's remarriage. The film is honest, understated, beautifully photographed, and performed by all with consumate skill especially Jean Forest as the boy. Photography is the principal componet in all these films as Feyder knows how to use movement within a frame for maximum impact without a lot of razzle dazzle. However he does not hesitate to use photographic tricks to emphasize a point.  CRAINQUEBILLE from 1923 tells the story of an old vegetable peddler in Paris who becomes victimized by the legal system after a simple misunderstanding. Incredible shots of Paris as it used to be are combined with portrait like closeups of the old man and the people around him. Jean Renoir had to know this film well. The film also introduces several surreal shots a la Abel Gance in depicting the world of French justice which help to magnify the old man's plight in being trapped in a world he cannot understand. The performance of Maurice de Feraudy as the title character is nothing less than astounding while Jean Forest (from FACES OF CHILDREN) is no less remarkable.  While not the best film, my personal favorite is QUEEN OF ATLANTIS from 1921 which follows in the exotic footsteps of Louis Feuillade and Fritz Lang's THE SPIDERS. Although very long at 163 minutes I couldn't stop watching it thanks to incredible location photography in the Sahara desert, visually striking art direction, and the overwrought intensity of the performances which all combine into a remarkable piece of cinematic storytelling. Some contemporary reviewers have criticized Stacia Napierkowska's title character as being too hefty to be a sex symbol but if you study your French Postcards that was the norm in those days. Think of Theda Bara in a lot less clothing. She's no Brigitte Helm (METROPOLIS) to be sure but this film is leagues ahead of G.W. Pabst's 1931 version of the same story known as MISTRESS OF ATLANTIS.  All three films have been lovingly restored by no less than 4 film archives and are presented by Lobster Films of Paris. They are color tinted and feature ideal new scores from Antonio Coppola and Eric le Guen. The only down side is that there are no extras whatsoever which considering the rediscovery angle is incomprehensible but that doesn't stop this from being a 5 star offering all the way.
 This great 3-disc set is a real delight for lovers of both silent and high quality films in general, and it's thrilling to see so many excellent long-forgotten films finally see the light of day again!  The three films in this set were written and directed by French filmmaker, Jacques Feyder, and are of a very high standard, especially for their production years of the early 1920s.  Furthermore, each film is different in theme and style, yet an underlying foundation of solid screenwriting and skilful editing make each one a shining example of French/European cinema of the time.  In fact, a number of times I was reminded of the pioneering American director/filmmaker D.W. Griffith in the manner of storytelling, attention to people's emotions and even some `social commentary' which Griffith was well known for.  This is most evident in Feyder's film "Crainquebille which is the name of an elderly fruit and vegetable peddler in the old part of Paris who becomes the victim of the judicial system which nearly ruins his life completely.  Some unusual camera effects are used to express the old man's confusion and distress in this film, and similar sensitivity to feelings are superbly shown in "Faces of Children", which explores the effect of a mother's death and father's remarriage on a young boy.  This film is enhanced by a most beautiful setting in a French region of Switzerland with breathtaking scenes of valleys and mountains, as well as charming villages and houses.  And just when you were relaxing to the comfortable pace of domestic life, watching the boy not adjusting so well to his new stepsister, the pace suddenly quickens and turns into quite a Griffith-like dramatic crisis near the end.  But the most outstanding film of the three must surely be the epic adventure, "Queen of Atlantis", being nearly 3 hours in length and telling an intriguing and fascinating tale about a secret, hidden oasis in the middle of the Sahara Desert which was once the lost city of Atlantis, where the queen wields emotional power over all men - except one.  Based on a novel, the plot is rather busy and moves along at a good pace throughout, while constantly featuring scenes of the real Sahara Desert and Algerian villages, as well as many African and other exotic artefacts.  The story revolves around two officers of the French Foreign Legion who are taken prisoner and kept among the many men who fall under the spell of the Queen of Atlantis, and overall the film is somewhat reminiscent of both `Lawrence of Arabia' and the Indiana Jones adventures, but without all the action of the latter.  It's no wonder that "Queen of Atlantis was a big and long-running hit in Paris in 1921, and I'm sure it has lost none of its appeal and fascination over the decades, thanks to very good film restoration and superbly-suited musical accompaniment to each film.  This is definitely a set of films worth rediscovering.
 Traffic is a excellent film. Pretty much perfect all around performances by an all-star cast lead by, Don Cheadle, Michael Douglas, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Benicio Del Toro, Topher Grace, and Erika Christensen, to name a few. It also has a top notch script and a completely necessary story. Drug trafficking is a plague on the American/Mexican border, and being an Angelino, more specifically on the Southern California/Mexico border. Too many lives have been lost, and it still goes on today without an end in sight. That makes this film just as relevant today, as it was a decade ago, and will be a decade later, unless major moves are made. Director Steven Soderbergh (Oceans Trilogy, Erin Brockavich, The Informant!, and so many other great films) has crafted a near masterpiece. There are some things I wasn't too fond of. Perhaps at times, Soderbergh's tendancy to oversaturate the picture with yellow or blue color grading became more of a gimmick. And with a less than perfect trasnfer, one may start to look at other minor gripes with more emphasis. But for the most part, it was fine. This film is a must see, but definitely go for the Criterion release with a better transfer and much more well-rounded extras package.
 Excellent transfer, the best traffic has ever looked.  And, the double sided disc (Blu-ray on one side, DVD on the other) works just as well as a single sided one; there is no rational reason to complain about them - especially when given the cost they are much cheaper than most packages that include a seperate DVD.
 When I first saw the Blu-ray version of this film I was, at first, taken somewhat aback by the amount of grain in some of the early shots.  When I compared it  with the DVD, the grain was still there but much less defined.  Then I chose to ignore it, turned off the lights and started the film.  I was soon swept up into it due to the starkness of the photography, the finely written screenplay and the superb cast.  Like "Syriana, it is a  singularly depressing film, but its extraordinary craftsmanship and complexity will draw you in to repeat viewings.
 I loved this movie when it came out and I was a teenager. It struck a chord with me as a very relevant incredibly well written, well acted movie. I felt it did the best job of anything conveying the depth and complexity of America's drug situation. I could associate with the teenagers in the movie because I knew those characters in real life.  I won't waste your time debating the ins and outs of the War on Drugs. No. I will say though that I just picked up Traffic on Blu-Ray, and watching it again through adult eyes, it has lost absolutely none of its punch. It is taut, it is incredibly well shot, well acted, and well written. All of the locations feel completely authentic. The dialogue is natural. This film deserved every award it won, and then some.
 I was initially concerned when I got the disc as I figure both versions would be single layer  This is not true, both the DVD and Blu-Ray are double layer, so in essence the disc has 4 layers.  I can't find really any reason to complain about getting a double sided disc instead of 2 singe sided discs.  The quality is fine.  The movie is noticeably grainier than a lot of other movies, but I think this was intentional for cinematic effect and is part of the movie.  You can tell as parts of it are grainier, and harsher in appearance.  Like for instance most of the Tijuana scenes are quite rough.
 'The World's Greatest Formula One Cars' is a great DVD.  It is about all of the best Grand Prix cars that have ever raced in Formula One, cars like Ferrari, Cooper, Lotus, McLaren, Brabham, BRM, Williams and many others.  There is a lot of information on cars that even raced before F1 including the 1930's battles between Mercedes Benz and Auto Union. The DVD starts with the Grand Prix Car from 1920 and continues right up through the years until it reaches Michael Schumacher's Ferrari F2000. There is a lot of great footage on the DVD including the famous battle between Gilles Villeneuve and Rene Arnoux for second place in the 1979 French Grand Prix.  This is a great DVD and any fan of Formula One should buy it.
 I am a F-1 Car collector as well as Racer. I have been looking for comrehensive F1 history cars in DVD format for a long time. This, is no doubt the best DVDs on F1 cars there is along with book Formula1 1950-today is MUST for any amature F1 fan to professionals. See you in France~!!!!
 WHAT CAN I ADD TOO THIS MARVELOUS SHOW THAT RAN FOR 9 SEASONS PRIME TIME?I HAVE ENJOYED THIS COMEDY RELIEF AS IT RELATES SO CLOSELY TO THE REAL THING,THE AMERICAN DREAM.IT CAME AT ADECENT PRICE FROM AMAZON.COM AND QUICK SERVICE.
 We received the DVD Everybody Loves Raymond Season 6&7 on time in new condition .  Your prompt courteous service was greatly appreciated.  This product will be a great addition to our library collection.  Thank you
 Excellent character development.  Enticing Story line.  I don't want to give any spoilers in the review but there is a Tiki involved.
 I am still waitning for the jproducts for this order  Please call me at 907-440-6910 and let me know when I will recieve them.  Stevie Marie Russell 2537 East 70th Avenue Anchorage, AK 99507-2489
 My wife bought it.  She says it's "the bees knees whatever that means.  It must have come in a timely manner, and in new condition, or esle I would have heard some grumbling.  I think "the bees knees is like saying the dog's wag or the cats swish, or the frog's pond or some such.
 Everybody keeps saying how realistic this movie is but its not. The scene in the nursery is very overblown and melodramatic. I've never seen anyone act like that. And you dont wind up in a mental ward in a straight jacket just from drinking. This movie is really just an AA commercial presenting a stereotypical view of the progression of an alcoholics life. However the acting is great and its very well done as a movie. Its very dramatic and interesting although it can be a little depressing as one reviewer observed. By the way "Leaving Las Vegas is not really about alcoholism its more of a love story. And I think "The Lost Weekend is much more realistic than "Days of Wine and Roses even though its much older. The brutality of this movie does not make it more realistic it makes it less realistic. Scenes are exaggerated for dramatic purpose. Since a movie should not be judged by its realism as most unrealistic movies are the best Im giving it 5 stars.
 Joe Clay (Jack Lemmon) is an up-and-coming Public Relations agent in the era of the three-martini lunch and "drinks with the boys following the workday.  While providing a client with, literally, a boatload of girls, Joe meets receptionist Kirsten Arnesen (Lee Remick), a good girl from a stable country upbringing.  Joe introduces Kirsten to alcohol in the form of a Brandy Alexander, and before long the two fall in love and marry.  Joe provides a good living for his wife and new baby daughter, but becomes depressed from the quiet family life and a baby that takes up all of his wife's attention.  In a truly gut-wrenching scene, Joe berates and completely degrades Kirsten for not being any fun anymore, throwing a temper tantrum while drunk and demanding that she stop nursing her own baby (mammary envy) because its going to ruin her shape.  A very poignant and heart braking scene.  Kirsten is deeply in love with Joe, and concedes to his demands to "loosen up a little and be fun again", which means having a couple of drinks with him.  It isn't long before Kirsten is drinking all the time, and very common of women in the early sixties, Kirsten starts smoking (probably to help lose weight, though this isn't mentioned beyond Joe's comment about her shape).  Joe's career slides as his drinking increases, causing him to be late for work and upsetting his clients.  His company assigns him to a lower-level client in far away Houston.  While Joe tries to do his job there, Kirsten sets their apartment on fire from drinking and smoking.  Joe is fired, and not long afterward Joe has an epiphany.  He is a bum, and his wife is a bum, and they need to stop drinking.  Kirsten's father takes the struggling couple into his home where he runs a nursery.  After a couple of months sober, Joe and Kirsten fall off the wagon together in a riotous binge in their room.  A second very poignant incident follows where Joe trashes his father-in-law's nursery looking for the bottle he hid.  This scene may seem overdone at first, but just tune into one episode of 'Cops' and you will see how well Jack Lemmon played this scene.  This time, Joe winds out in the hospital going through some overblown withdrawal symptoms, and it is here he meets Jim Hungerford (Jack Klugman) from Alcoholics Anonymous.  Once in AA, Joe tries to fight his disease, while Kirsten remains in absolute denial of being an alcoholic.  You must remember that this movie was made in 1962, and there was quite a stigma attached to being an alcoholic, the 60's version of a scarlet letter.  There is no happily-ever-after in this movie.  Though made in 1962, it is still the best of the 'alcoholic' movies ever made.  'Leaving Las Vegas' certainly portrayed a down-and-out alcoholic, but the character Ben from that modern portrayal wanted to die.  'Days Of Wine And Roses' is the story of two people's struggle against alcoholism, not their submission to it.  There is nothing outdated about this movie except the fashion; times change, behaviors don't.  Kirsten's confession that she "just wants things to look prettier than they are rings so true to addiction in any form or from any era.  This movie is about people and the disease, not the time-period, so it stands up to any of the modern day addiction stories.  'Days Of Wine And Roses' is a true classic, a timeless piece that is both sad and entertaining.  Take a quick note of the fact that in Joe and Kirsten's first apartment, the bar was right outside the baby's room.  I thought that was a bit ironic.  If you love addiction movies, modern pieces like 'Leaving Las Vegas', 'Requiem For A Dream', 'Spun', or 'Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas', you will love 'Days Of Wine And Roses'.  Enjoy!
 I was never really interested in drinking alcohol and after catching  Days of Wine and Roses  on late night television I knew I was never going to drink, never get drunk, and never end up like the character of Joe Clay, played by the late Jack Lemmon.  Joe is in public relations and cannot have a good time unless he is drinking.  He meets up with Kirsten Arnesen (Lee Remick), and informed she does not drink but loves chocolate, he orders her a Brandy Alexander.  Joe and Kirsten marry, although her father Ellis Arnesen (Charles Bickford), is not sure he approves.  Joe's alcoholism finally costs him his job and by then Kirsten is boozing just as much.  In one of the most ghastly scenes in movie history, Joe destroys the Arnesen greenhouse, looking for the bottles of booze he has buried with one of the plants.  With the help of A.A. Counselor Jim Hungerford (Jack Klugman), Joe finally starts to get his life together.  But Kirsten cannot do the same, even for the sake of their daughter Debbie. With Lemmon's death a lot of his old movies are suddenly popping up on cable television.  I watched  Days of Wine and Roses  again last night and it is every bit as powerful and as horrific as I remember.  No other film has made the life of an alcoholic look so hopeless, not  Leaving Last Vegas  and certainly not  Lost Weekend.   Lemmon and Remick were both nominated for Oscars for their performances, while Henry Mancini's title song won the Academy Award.  Charles Bickford repeated the role he originated in the  Playhouse 90  version aired in 1958, which was directed by James Frankenheimer.  Blake Edwards directed this 1962 movie because the studio told Frankenheimer he could not direct a comedy like this film.  Both scripts were written by J. P. Miller.  Bottom line
 The late Jack Lemmon is likely to be remembered by most moviegoers for his memorable comic presence in classics like  Some Like It Hot  and the  Odd Couple , but anyone who ever doubted his capacity for dramatic acting should screen  Days Of Wine And Roses . This shattering 1962 Blake Edwards drama was shockingly realistic for its time (apparently prompting opening-week  walkouts  by many Lemmon fans expecting another  funny  role). The film still packs quite a wallop in its depiction of an alcoholic couple and thier hellish descent. Lee Remick, forever underrated, (undoubtedly due to her luminous beauty) delivers another of her brainy, mature performances. Everyone mentions the  greenhouse scene , but I feel the most intense moment comes in the  padded room  scene, with a sweating, screaming, strait-jacketed Lemmon writhing in  withdrawal . Call it  sense memory ,  method  or whatever, but to this day it remains one of the the most  naked  scenes of an actor totally  in the moment  ever captured on film. A great American film, and a classic Henry Mancini score to boot.
 The Hollywood depiction of the corrosive effects of alcoholism has rarely been so stark as that in DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES.  More recent efforts like LEAVING LAS VEGAS suggest that alcoholism is but one offramp on the highway of self-destruction.  Director Blake Edwards presents a tale that begins in middle-class happiness, then winds down to the sodden depths of the perversion of Corporate Suburban America, before finishing with the brutal truth that the ability of an alcoholic to free himself from this disease is a function of his inner strength that can only be nurtured, not forced, by Alcoholics Anonymous. Jack Lemmon is Joe Clay, a man on the rise in his corporate culture.  He is a public relations executive, a job that today we would call a spin control mechanic.  He makes the good image of a company better while trying to downplay the downside. This image of altered reality forms a subtext which becomes evident when Joe and his fiancee (Lee Remeck) are having dinner with her father (Charles Bickford), who is trying to understand exactly what his daughter's boyfriend does for a living.  Joe hems and haws but admits to enhancing the positive aspects of his corporate clients. But the father persists and asks what about any harmful sides to that image. Joe weakly adds that he would then gloss over the downside while always bringing the positive to bear.  It is this altering of reality that allows Joe, then later his wife, to get caught up in the freewheeling culture of a drug abuse that has now morphed in one of cocaine.  The lure of Wine and Roses is neither absolute nor irresistable.  The film makes it clear early on that much time and dissolution is needed to become entangled.  One does not take a sip one day to become ensnared the next.  Joe Clay makes the crossover from social drinker to hard drinker so gradually that neither he nor his wife are aware until the evidence is so blatant that both recognize the dangers, but still feel the need to explain away these dangers as inconsequential.  First Joe falls in, then soon enough his wife.  The scenes of Joe's going hysterically mad in his father-in-law's greenhouse and in the county asylum are harrowing in their intensity.  Joe has cracked, and it takes the arrival of an AA counselor (Jack Klugman) to place Joe on the right path.  But the path to sobriety has many false turns, and Joe has yet to hit rock bottom.  The contrapuntal scenes of Lee Remick's own descent in the corked maelstrom are more subdued but not the less miserable.  Joe has hit rock bottom and the harsh truth is that he cannot help his wife until he first learns to help himself.  By the closing credits, she has yet to learn this most bitter of lessons.  DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is one of the landmarks of Hollywood in that it takes a no punches withheld look at a subject that many Americans have heard about but perhaps have not seen the consequences that result when the social drinker uncorks that bottle even when alone.  Lemmon and Remick are simply outstanding as a couple in which one of them learns this lesson even if the other does not.
 DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is basically a story of two genuinely good people who fall in love and into the abyss of alcoholism. One escapes and the other can not. This film is a sad but realistically true statement on the pitfalls of alcoholism and addiction in general. Parents and children of those addicted are the victims as well. Jack Lemmon, Lee Remick and Jack Klugman all give excellent performances. However, Charles Bickford gives the most vivid performance as Remick's father. He remains cold and detached to her addiction until he breaks down and the audience breaks down with him. The film's ending of Jack Lemmon peering through the window is a devastating statement on the effects and the reality that once you enter the world of alcohol you may never return.  This is an unusually sensitive treatment than we are used to from Director Blake Edwards.  Thanks to J.P. Miller's script, an exceptional cast, Philip H. Lathrop's cinematography and Henry Mancini's score Edward's constructed a very important film yet one hard to watch.
 "Days of Wines and Roses is head and shoulders above any other movies about alcoholism for many reasons, most of which can be summed up in the word "multidimensional". Instead of showing a snapshot in the life of an alcoholic, like "Lost Weekend", for example, "Days of Wines and Roses follows the entire descent of not one, but two characters, into the depths of addiction. The interplay between man and woman and the progress of their relationship allows for the depiction of many aspects of alcoholism
 Hollywood has flubbed it over the years, but this movie hits this topic square on the head.  Featuring Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick in one of their earlier roles, this a powerfully told tale of the rise and sure fall of a couple who fall in love with one another and then make another marriage with alcohol.  The symptoms are all there, as are all the excuses.  Jack Klugman has a minor role as the friend who wants to get Lemmon into an AA meeting (back when this was just starting to become accepted.)  There are the typical signs of trying to stop drinking, and then the baby arrives, and then the sneaking of the drinks, and everything that goes into the rapid fall into oblivious and depression.   Yes, this is a relatively depressing movie, but its ending only offers a mere hope that Lemmon, who has finally rejected his wife for his own sobriety,...he might make it if he continues to discipline his mind and continue with his program.   It is a sad film but one which is incredibly relevant.  I would've liked it if Remick had stuck it out and made a go of the marriage, but she wanted the threesome - herself, her husband and the bottle.  Maybe the baby, but her baby was the bottle.  Highly recommended, and again a film which could be considered family fare, as there was no profanity, sex, or violence, but an incredibly powerful message.  A message in a bottle, as they say, but still as provocative as it was when it was first made.  A Great Film!!!
 I was drawn to watch this film because the theme, written by Henry Mancini has since become a Jazz standard.  I first heard it performed by the organist Mel Rhyne at a Jazz club in NYC, took to it right away, then went out and learned how to play it, and it has been a regular number in my book with my organ trio.  - - When I found out that it actually came from a movie, it drew my curiosity, but when I found out the theme of the movie, I held off a bit. There is no doubt this is a terribly depressing film with a sense of emotional/interpersonal realism that you almost wouldn't expect in a Hollywood film of this era - - The only film that comes close to it perhaps is  Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf .  The golden rule of Hollywood films afterall is,  And they all lived happily ever after,  however, the film cuts no corners in portraying not only the disease of alcoholism, but its complex dynamics within human relationships as the characters in this film eventually transform from lovers to drinking partners who's relationship is the bottle itself.  As the film progresses (without giving too much away) they will have to choose between becoming sober yet losing one another or staying drunk and in love - - both believing that perhaps they can go back to the days of wine and roses... when they were drunk... yet happy, but of course, this is a mere fantasy that the characters are forced to reckon with.  Jack Klugman plays a brilliant AA sponsor - - Lemmon's acting is powerful, convicing - - at times comedic, and at other times deeply disturbing.  - - If you get it, be sure to have something funny and bright to put in the VCR afterwords... the biting realism of the film does not redeem the viewer with any cinematic devices to ensure that  good feeling  most movies try to leave us with...  in the end you'll pretty much feel as sick, hung over and tormented as the characters... however, you will realize that you have just experienced one of the greatest films of its its era and genre !
 The 1962 film DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES, developed from a television play of the same name, is one of the great examples of black-and-white realism in the American cinema.  It examines the life of a couple, Joe and Kiersten Clay, who gradually become alcoholics.  DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES also seems modern.  Surely this was one of the first films to call alcoholism an illness, or to show an AA (Alcoholics Anonymous) meeting.  As Joe, Jack Lemmon plays his usual character-type of the basically decent man overwhelmed by the world.  Here, though, his situation takes a tragic, not a comic, turn as he drinks chronically to cope and as a result becomes violent in his behavior.  As Kiersten, Lee Remick's acting is every bit as brilliant as Lemmon's, particularly in the drunk scenes.  Jack Klugman stands out in the supporting part of Jim Hungerford, a tough-looking yet gentle AA representative who refuses to give up on Joe.  The movie presents several unforgettable images
 When this movie first came out, I was much too young to appreciate the veracity and power.  Blake Edwards helms an extremely powerful, if tragic, tale of alcoholism and how it affects the marriage of two middle class individuals. Jack Lemmon proves what a tremendously versatile actor he was, and he gives a performance that is honest, brutal and unbelievably brilliant.  His scenes in the greenhouse and in the drying out unit are some of the best acting caught on celluloid.  Lee Remick, the late and underrated beauty, matches Lemmon's performance which is even more devastating as her plunge into alcohol is at Lemmon's urging, and she's the one who can't go without a drink.  Remick is mesmerizing in the motel scene where she forces Lemmon to drink with her again. Wonderful support comes from Charles Bickford as Remick's father and Jack Klugman as Lemmon's AA friend.  Of course, the score by Henry Mancini is one of the best. This is a must see for anyone who wants to see powerful acting and an unforgettable movie.
 Alcoholism is a disease. Fine. And yet wrong. The disease is obsessivity, the fact that some people cannot live within satisfying an obsession of some kind. And I am afraid everyone has a degree of obsessivity that could lead to a catastrophe in many situations. The problem is the object of this obsessivity. It is dangerous if it is excessive and aiming at an object that destroys your willpower, your selfcontrol, your selfesteem. It can be alcohol. It can be tobacco. It can be eating. It can be coffee or tea or any spft drink. It can be any illicit drug. It can be any medical and legal drug. It can be work. It can be absolutely anything. Many of those things are not dangerous but some can be deadly both for the person concerned by the obsession and for the people around the person. Fast driving is just the same. And this obessivity becomes dangerous when one is addicted to the object of the obsession. Addiction is the worst thing that may happen to a sane person. But don't forget that addiction, any addiction is rooted in the deepest layers of one's personality, in his or her deepest past, in her or his most intimate experiences. There are only two ways to deal with such a problem. Either to look for the real deeper cause and solve the problem there, if it is solvable, or to keep away from the object of the obsession, in this case alcohol, and that cannot be achieved without the help of people around you. Alcoholism is the derangement of a personality in a social environment and it can only be solved with the willpower of the person supported by the society around him or her. But we must always remember that one is no longer an alcoholic when he does not feel any desire to drink when confronted to the very object of this potential desire, i.e. alcohol. If he lives in a totally alcohol-free environment he may only be a sober alcoholic, and if he comes across alcohol again and accepts to be tempted the relapse is a hundred times worse than the first binge. One is healed when one can keep alcohol away even when alcohol is there is front of one's eyes. There is no merit not to fall to temptation if there is no temptation. At least that is what Milton used to think and I believe he was deeply right on this question.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 Blake Edwards Days of Wine and Roses is a sobering and gritty representation of the desperate and often unforgiving world of alcoholism.  Edwards does not restrain himself in showing the utter destruction of life wrought by the bottle.  Public relations agent Joe Clay played by Jack Lemmon is an alcoholic, spawned by the rigors of entertaining his clients.  He becomes enamored with the lovely Lee Remick playing secretary of one of his clients, Kirsten Arnesen.  Remick, a wholesome girl and teetotaler is wooed by Lemmon and they eventually marry.  As part of the arrangement Lemmon seduces her to alcohol and they both are now addicted.  The resposibility of parenthood does not curb their ugly habit and their lives quickly spiral out of control.  Lemmon proceeds to lose job after job and they deteriorate into a sordid existence.  They make several aborted attempts for sobriety aided by Remicks nurturing father, landscaper Ellis Arnesen played passionately by craggy veteran actor Charles Bickford.  Both Remick and Lemmon revert back to drinking with Lemmon winding up straight jacketed in a padded cell in a detox ward.  Lemmon aided by Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor Jim Hungerford played by Jack Klugman finally is able to conquer his demons and remain sober.  Remick however at movies end is regretably not ready to follow the same path, foresaking both her marriage and child for the comfort of the bottle.  Both Remick and Lemmon give stark and frighteningly realistic acting performances as the unfortunate Mr. & Mrs. Clay.  The scene where Lemmon tears apart his father in laws greenhouse searching for a hidden bottle of booze is particularly effective.  Under Edwards steady hand, Days of Wine and Roses is the most powerful revelation of alcoholism since the gripping The Lost Weekend.
 To witness the power of great acting, to understand the craft and the depth of the form, I suggest watching Days of Wine and Roses. Elevated to classic status as a tale of alcohol's maddening grip on a marriage, it's two leads-Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick-deliver gut-wrenching, soul-crushing performances, the film is potent for it's exposure of addiction and it's harrowing imagery of the physical and emotional torment it renders. Immediate associations with The Lost Weekend and Leaving Las Vegas are legitimate. Though those two revolve around an individuals alcoholism as opposed to a couples, they do provide a gage of the evolving cinematic vision of addiction, and for their respective times were bold films. Both leads (Milland & Cage) also won Oscars. Lemmon and Remick were both nominated-he lost to Gregory Peck's Atticus Finch (To Kill a Mockingbird), she to Anne Bancroft's Annie Sullivan (The Miracle Worker). I would say too that Days of Wine and Roses succeeds as a tale of the everyman within the social structure, willing and able to climb the ladder, whose alcoholism may have preceeded his occupational necessity to drink, or may not have. Lost amidst the corporation he works for as a p.r. man his lack of definition and satisfaction, clarified by his having to procure (ala The Apartment) young women for his boss' parties, drives him as much into marriage as into alcoholism. Considering this came out in 1962, it must be regarded that a young woman, wholesome and kind, working as a secretary who transforms into a housewife who's parenting suffers for her rapt addiction to booze, who abandons and betrays those closest to her, was a striking and devastating vision. The ending to Days of Wine and Roses is not only bleak, haunting and quiet, it's poetic.
 Jack Lemon gives a memorable, great performance. This movie also shows how the disease of alcoholism takes over and affects not only the drinker but his family and friends. It also shows how AA can help. Running the movie with Blake Edwards commentary is interesting as well. Blake and Jack talked about their own issues with drinking and how thought provoking the movie was for them. If you love Jack Lemon or want to know more about alcoholism this is probably one of the best movies to watch.
 Days of Wine and Roses is a film that AA actually consulted on.  The film shows a couple who meet, fall in love, marry and have a little girl.  The disease of alcoholism smacks into them like a freight train.  The husband finds AA, the wife does not.  The struggles of finding a basis for a relationship without alcohol are very difficult and sometimes impossible.  This movie shows very clearly how alcohol is so very patient, cunning and powerful.  It is an excellent movie.
 From the performances to the black and white film to the music, this film is a harrowing and realistic look at the ravages of alcoholism and what it can take to get sober.
 1962 was the most difficult year for awarding the Best Actor in all the Academy story . Consider Gregory Peck for To kill a mockingbird (who won with this role) , Peter O'Toole for Lawrence and Jack Lemmon for Days of wine and roses .  To me Peter O'Toole deserved this prize by far but Lemmon even his role was more introspective, tragic and harsh , made the best role of his career playing an alcoholic husband role . Lee Remick was fantastic too , but the sinister moments you watch to Lemmon for instance in the sequence of the garden in the middle of the rain night is simply outstanding .  The script is a perfect circle without any hole . A merciless story which typified many couples in the world .  A classic and bitter film!
 What more can you say, other than truly Classic?  If you love anything with Jack Lemmon in it, this one certainly won't be a disappointment.  A must have for a Jack Lemmon memorabilia collector.
 This is a classic film in b&w with superb acting.  It is the only film that I am aware of that accurately depicts the life of an alcoholic and should be a must see for anyone who drinks.  When I first saw it as a teenager, it was just another movie but as I got older, I never forgot it.  It is so realistic.
 A downbeat love story pickled in bile and booze, this melodrama of addiction by the great Blake Edwards skirts the same terrain as "Lost Weekend without ever getting preachy. Instead, Edwards examines the sullied yet undying connection between his two self-destructive protagonists, played by Lemmon and Remick with unblinking honesty. (Two specific scenes--his in a madhouse and hers in a motel--are wrenching.) Charles Bickford lends terrific support as Kirsten's widower father, as does Jack Klugman in a small role as Joe's AA sponsor. "Days is a hard-hitting drama about love in the ruins, buoyed by Henry Mancini's melancholic jazz score.
 It's an excellent film, though I did find it a bit too self-consciously preachy at times, which I found took me out of the dramatic moment from time to time.  This preachiness is somewhat amplified by being presented in the person of Jack Klugman, playing a recovering alcoholic.  I have a great deal of respect for Klugman as an actor, but to me, his line deliveries do have a tendency to sound a bit strident and overly-intense to begin with -- even as Oscar Madison in Neil Simon's 'The Odd Couple'! -- so the already-preachy tone of some of the dialogue, placed into his mouth make the film almost seem to stop at points while a public service announcement is played out.  This nitpick however, cannot diminish the overall dramatic power of the film, or its value in helping people to understand something of the tragedy of alcoholism.  The Director's Commentary track by Blake Edwards was really quite disappointing.  Edwards freely admits to not having even watched the film since it was first made, so instead of being able to provide insightful commentary as the film proceeds, he frequently admits to (and apologizes for), long stretches of his own silence as he's swept up in the drama as an audience member.  There is, however, about 8 minutes in, an interesting anecdote about a conversation he had with Jack Lemmon during shooting about their own drinking habits.
 My father was a WWII Vet who suffered from PTSD, but never received help for it. He wasn't the Alcoholic, but he could, for no apparent reason become Violent. My mother was the Alcoholic, and she eventually died from the effects. My mom's father/my grandfather was my early in life salvation. He died when I was 17. My mom and dad divorced very shortly afterwards. Due to my mom's drinking he left his share of the home in my name which in turn made me the Head-of-the-Household and thus forced me to assume responsibilities that went along with that heading rather than exploring my own goals and desires. This feeling was imposed on me by my mom's mom, who was a controlling and enabling person. Over the years she sent my mom off to various treatment centers that would work for awhile. However the two of them had a love/hate relationship that always ended up with my mom's drinking again. I saw "Days of Wine and Roses when it was first released and it still to this day lives within me. I felt hopeless to be able to do anything to get my mom to stop drinking and asked her to go see the movie. She did, and she was drunk before she got home from her viewing of it. After I had two failed marriages a woman friend of mine who worked in Family Services strongly suggested I consider joining ACOA, or Adult Children of Alcoholics. Very soon it will be 24 years since I've done so, and while I've done lots of work (it's like peeling through the layers of an Onion) I still discover some issues from time to time. Just like other 12 Step Programs were focus on the 12 Steps, Serenity Prayer, and Promises. I'd like to encourage one and all of you to strongly consider this program if you feel that my comments Mirror your life.
 I am an alcoholic and watch this movie once a year. It has such a huge impact on me that I bought this copy for a friend of mine (young friend) and hope that it will help her through her tough times as well. Such strong and dynamic acting. This is a movie that can stand alone among many.
 If this movie doesn't rip your heart out you're probably made of stone. Lemmon and Remick are great as lovers in the tragic grip of alcoholism. As great to watch the twelvth time as the first.
 Shortly aftert I saw this movie in 1973 I understood what was really wrong with me.  My life made a significant turn in early 1974 and I have not looked back.  This could change your life as well and if not it is still a very good movie.
 Yeah-I know he didn't win. Yet after seeing the movie when I was only 12 and then several times more as I grew up, it still remains a mystery why he did not win the Oscar. All the reviews I have read are great, however everyone seems to forget the truly best scene. Jack breaks into a liquor store and gets caught by the owner. As he lies on the floor the owner says,"I didn't know you needed a drink that bad Pal! and starts to pour booze from a bottle held suspended over Jack's prostate form. Jack tries to suck it down as the booze flows all over his face. I had seen that same look on my Dad's face, so I guess that's why it sticks. After seeing the movie the first time I got "scared straight". I never even started drinking. The last scene has Jack's wife visiting him in his small apartment. He had been booze free for a while and starting to put his single "Dad life back together. His wife had forced herself to be sober just so she could talk to him. You can feel how deeply this man loves her. She leaves after admitting she has to drink because the World seems so dirty when she is sober and Jack is at the door staring after her and you see the reflection of a blinking BAR light flashing in the glass door. Scary stuff for 1962. It leaves you with the feeling of "will he or won't he".  When I was a Psych Nurse I would sometimes sneak this movie on to the unit. I would show it during group sessions. I was shocked by how many younger people claimed to think Jack Lemmon was only a comedian. Most of them (suffering from addictions) were very moved by the film.
 I watched this movie because I love Jack Lemmon.  Mostly I like his comedies, like The Odd Couple and Some Like it Hot.  Although this wasn't a comedy, I still enjoyed every bit of it for its brilliant acting and powerful message to alcoholics everywhere.  Joe Clay can not stop drinking, and meets a girl who becomes an alcoholic too.  Joe finally destroys his father-in-law's flower garden just trying to find his hidden booze, and ends up in AA, the leader of which is played by Jack Klugman (another of my favorite actors).  His wife is unwilling to attend the meetings, and thus, never recovers.  This is a wonderful movie that should inspire any alcoholics out there to never take another drink.  It is also really well acted.
 An excellent movie depiction of what a believed good life style and good time, riding high on booze, can bring to everyone involved, not just the couple.
 First of all, let me say that this is a great movie. If you're one of the millions who sometimes feel that you are teetering on the edge of alcohol addiction, give this film a watch. Albeit there are many unspoken parts of the movie such as how the couple seems to go quickly from bad to worse without a lot of back story, the tale it tells is one that I felt was genuine and heartfelt. It doesn't even breach with the fact that many alcohol abusers don't get "happy when their drunk; but, instead, become downright belligerent. The couple in Days of Wine and Roses truly loved and cared about each other deeply and it was heart wrenching that alcohol had come between them. Of course, the music is beautiful ... I am a musician and I will never play The Days of Wine and Roses, a beautiful melody by Henri Mancini, quite the same after seeing this movie.
 This is a film about alcoholism. It is not a lecture with graphs and mug shots, it is a love story - about alcoholism. I'm not being clever
 I saw this movie years ago;  I remembered it was very sad but also very true especially these days when so many people suffer from addiction of some sort; although it was sad it had such fun scenes; Lee Remick died so very young and was one of my very favorite actresses; Jack Lemmon as we all know was a "legend and few actors can play some of the roles in his pictures; Charles Bickford is a fantastic actor and did such a great job playing "the Dad"!  It is a keeper and we will watch it again.  Also, the music is fabulous; Naturally with Henry Mancini on board; just another example of how great the 50s and 60s movies were; just can't compare them to the junk (forgive me!) that is out there for people to watch.  This is a very touching movie and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys an excellent drama.
 Days of Wine and Roses is a moving story of two people who descend into the hell of alcoholism. This theme has been told before in many movies, but Jack Lemon and Lee Remick are a great acting duo; and, they pull off many engrossing scenes.  The ending is not your happy Hollywood ending, which makes this movie even more realistic. It may be difficult to watch some scenes, but you will watch the movie to the end.
 This is a fantastic movie.  Am very happy with the quality of the film and higly recommend this product.  Have not been disappointed with anything I have bought from Amazon.
 Great movie and very daring for the day.  Still holds true, once an alcoholic always an alcoholic.  Not everyone gets well.  You have to want it and do it one day at a time.
 This is one of the best films to discuss and age old disease. Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are superb! Well worth the time!
 I was deeply touched by this movie. As a recovering alcoholic, I could identify with everthing this couple went through. Jack Lemon and Leigh Remick gave stellar performances and I feel that Lemon should have won the academy award for his performance.
 Until The Days of Wine and Roses, Jack Lemmon was known by moviegoers as one of the great comic actors creating three of the greatest movie comedies of the late 50's and early 60's - Mister Roberts, Some Like it Hot and The Apartment.  Director Blake Edwards was known for his brilliant comedies including Operation Petticoat and Breakfast at Tiffany's.  But when the two got together it was pure drama.  Add to this, Lee Remick in her first mainstream starring role.  The Days of Wine and Roses was one of the first films to take on social alcoholism.  Joe Clay is an up and coming public relations man in the early 60's when public relations meant getting party girls and drinking the client under the table.  At one of these events he meets the straight laced Kirsten.  He offends her by assuming she was one of the party girls.  But there is something about him that she finds disarming.  Soon they are married and she is pulled into his world of social drinking.  But it is worse for her because this was the era of stay at home mother.  So she has no outlet and becomes dependant on alcohol to fill her drab day.  They both hit rock bottom.  This scene is very scary.  But it shows that not only do you have to hit rock bottom but also be ready to start climbing back up.  (By the way, when you think they hit rock bottom is not rock bottom!  They still have far to go!)  Until this film, most films on alcoholism are about one alcoholic and the girlfriend or spouse that try to save them.  This film is more realistic than any before as both main characters slide into the abyss and only have themselves to get out.  Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are both stunning and deserved their Oscar nominations.  This was a turning point in both careers.  Lemmon would easily slip from comedy to drama the rest of his career.  While Remick would scorch both the big and little screen until her untimely death.  Also, this would be Edward's crowning achievement. He would create great comedies in the future but would never find another drama to surpass this.  And let's not forget Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer's Oscar winning song.
 Forget the fact that it's in B&W this film is one of the best ever made. It's portrayal of the gradual slip into alcoholism of the main characters is brilliantly delt with. The slip is sensitively portrayed and a lesson to all. Forget the melodrama of the greenhouse search - shown in the film - a similar crisis awaits all heavy drinkers.  I have Jack's film "The Apartment as my No1 film ever, this is No2.
 "Days of Wine and Roses is a powerful film about alcoholism. I believe that Jack Lemmon was very convincing in the lead part. Lee Remick  gives a scary, believable performance of Lemmon's wife.  A good supporting performance is turned in by the veteran actor, Charles Bickford, as Remick's father. Although the film is a serious drama about alcoholism, there are several funny scenes in the film. The director was Blake  Edwards who knew how to deftly balance drama and comedy. The music is provided by Henry Mancini . Who can forget the haunting theme song ? I highly recommend this movie !!
 I just watched the DVD...I had remembered how great the movie was, and it was nice to see it with commentary from the director! Thank you so much!!!
 Had not seen this film in probably 40 years. Jack Lemon and Lee Remick give sterling performances. It is perfectly cast and Mancini's music score is beautiful. The film does a wonderful job of presenting the "drinking/cocktail culture of the early post WWII era and how many people "at risk for alcoholism became drunks and how their lives deteroiated and how, in some instances, with only AA as the chief means of assistance for sobriety, found their way out to effectively deal with their alcoholism. I don't want to say more for it will spoil the plot for those who have never see the film It's excellent! The product was delivered promptly in factory condition.
 A film worth watching, but one you'll probably only want to watch once because it can be so painful. For us younger types you'll see this movie has had an influence on many films and cable programs of the past several years in many ways, but not in terms of its ultimate outcome.  This movie doesn't try to secretly seduce you off the path, there is no secret line you can walk to be sophisticatedly addicted. No wink wink nods of trying to glorify the same bad habits that some shows obstensibly are trying to portray in a negative light, no late night cigarette drag examining life through marketing spin and glossy self delusion. I don't know for example if the people behind AMC's Madmen really want to portray things as bleak as this movie ultimately does, but even if they did the studios would ultimately steer them in a different direction to make things more pallatable and to keep those boxed-sets moving off the store shelves.
 I'm in my 20s and I love classic movies, I love Jack Lemmon, and I'm increasingly becoming a Billy Wilder fan. I've seen this one, Breakfast at Tiffany's,Irma La Duce,The Apartment, The Pink Panther, Double Indemnity, Sunset Blvd, and a couple others. So for me, Days of Wine and Roses was a twofer. This was a well-told, well-directed, well-acted film. I watched it on TCM and got a bit of the background of the story from Robert O. I went in with expectations and I was not disappointed. Without going into the plot really, watching the transformations of Lemmon/Remick's characters into alcoholic 'bums' (as Lemmon called them), was quite powerful. By the end of the movie, I was happy for Lemmon's character (he goes to AA and has been sober for a year), but his wife, who he introduced to social drinking has not climbed out of the pit. Lee Remick was great at the end appearing to want to change, but not wanting to see how "dirty the world really was. It was really pitiful. When she left at the end, I felt Lemmon's character's pain bc his eyes sort of had hope that she would get sober, but at the same time, felt just as strongly that she was lost forever. For a set of actors to be able to convey conflicting emotions w/such ease in one scene is quite rare these days, so while it was painful, as a movie viewer, it was a joy to watch.
 This is a very realistic movie. I counsel those with substance abuse problems and it is apparent this movie was influenced by a person that is familiar with recovery from substance abuse problems.
 Days of Wine and Roses,What can one say ? A superb Movie ,deserved of the 5 Academy Award Nominations it recieved.An Oscar for Best Actor (Jack Lemon)Best Actress(Lee Remick)And Best Screen Play would have been most appropriate for these Superb Artists in fhis theatrical Masterpiece.This Movie is a Prime example of how great Movies used to be.
 Older movies like this one often reflect the culture of the time and place where they were filmed. Days of Wine and Roses is thus an interesting view of 1960s American culture as well as an honest look at alcoholism.
 jack lemmon and lee remick play the parts of two alcoholics with everything to lose and thats just what happens as they spiral downward to self destruction and full blown alcoholism and when they finally do hit bottom one takes a chance at recovery and the other... being a recovering alcoholic i found this movie a really down to the point and at times pretty ugly truth of what alcohol can do to a person. i believe that everyone (alcoholic or not) would gain a whole new perspective of things after seeing this movie. being an old movie just makes it even more powerful because one can see that almost 50 years later alcohol is just as destructive as it ever was and the problem of alcoholism is just as strong as ever. highly recommended wonderful film and a great achievement in film making.
 I enjoyed the movie, it is a great tool to look at the progreession of alcoholism and how it impacts everyone
 An awesome movie for anybody to watch to see what alcohol can do.  Much worse than tobacco use. But makes lots of money for the system. I reccommend fully to watch.
 I've already had this movie iTunes version. This item mentioned in this page...Color!! So I choose this. Great Movie. Great Jack Lemmon(I miss him so much!!) but....not COLOR.
 Awesome movie.  People need to see the old movies. Great acting and story.  Recommend to everyone over 13 years old
 Great black and white movie.  How someone can get hooked on booze when started out as fun in a relationship but so hard to cure and get back on track. How the pressure of a job and trying to suceed in life can actually be a downfall, when you lose track of life and what is important.  Yes, someone who love chocolate can really love those drinks that are like milkshakes and go down so easy without the taste of whiskey, brandy and other hard liquirs.
 To say that I wish there were movies like this today is almost trite. True drama-the kind that grabs you and makes you think and feel and empathize is gone. "Days of Wine and Roses is just such a film that will capture a wide range of emotions in the viewer.  The story seems simple enough. Man meets woman and booze and forms an unholy triangle of pain, despair, and desolation.  But the way it all plays out is brilliant. It is a case study not only in addiction, but in love, whimsy, confusion, cruelty, and ultimately tragedy.  Both Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play their parts perfectly and are backed by a superb supporting cast.  There is something strangely haunting about this film.  It stayed with me for a long while after I saw it.  For me, watching it again is like watching it for the first time. I can't say the film is entertaining because that would cheapen it. To say it is informative would be too bland.  It meets somewhere between those two points and weaves a poignant tapestry of a wide range of human emotions.  The music is beautiful and the direction is superb.  This is a film that was made when drama meant something; When you felt the message and knew you had seen something extraordinary. Yes, it is that good.
 This DVD is in great shape and I have enjoyed it.  Loved it years ago when it first came out and ordered it for my son who is a film major and thought he would enjoy seeing the "old time movies.
 This movie is one of my favorites with Jack Lemmon. Its a riveting drama, that you cant help become part of. You feel for the characters, you fall in love with Lee Remick. You see the love and loss in Jack Lemmon's face.  Its a beautifully acted, true to life drama that everyone should watch! I recommend this movie 110%, you will laugh & cry all the way through the movie.It does not disappoint!
 I was amazed to see the usually comedic Jack Lemmon give such a powerful performance as an alcoholic who has to dry out the old-fashioned way, slip up again, dry out again, try to stay sober and raise his daughter on his own while trying at the same time to get the love of his life to become sober as well.  He surely feels guilty over pushing her to drink with him in the early days of their courtship, as it led to nothing but trouble for both of them.  Lee Remick also does a fine job here as a woman who ends up unable to imagine life without alcohol, unable to face her young child, and unable to muster up the courage to gain sobriety along with her struggling husband.  Shot in stark b/w, this is a portrait of the dangers and damages of alcoholism
 This is a heart-rending story of alcoholism and how it affects a newly married couple. Jack Lemmon & Lee Remick are superb as the couple drowning deeper and deeper into their addictions. One of them is able to conquer the addiction, but as the movie ends, you see the other will probably be lost forever. It's a movie classic!
 Had a wonderful month in February coming home everyday from work to watch Boy Meets World; felt like TGIF every night. I miss my generation's wonderful shows and this set fulfilled a lot of those missed memories.
 This is a great tv show for all ages.  Its funny and teaches you a lot about dealing with situations as you grow up.  The characters are great and very likable.  You will laugh, cry, and learn a few things as well.
 I used to watch these shows years ago. It takes me back when my husband and I watch them again on DVD.
 Can't believe someone put in a review that they couldn't burn it.  That is the way it works, read the directions before playing the nintendo game folks.  20 episodes for $14.99 is a steal.  Great for my kindle fire to keep my 2 year old singing whose clues blues clues... you gotta find the first paw print....  Great deal.  Great Show.  I would recommend these solely because they star Steve, not his evil demented cousin Joe.  My son is not a fan of Joe.  Season 1 is just Steve.  You will enjoy.  If you wonder if this is a good show for you kids, google tipping point blues clues for some great analysis by malcolm gladwell.
 Blue is a sweet dog who is true to her name by color, and Steve is her number 1 master.  Steve appears in most of the Blue's Clues seasons - even though he had to go to college near the end of season 4, and his brother, Joe had to take over.  I'm just learning how to be a Blue's Clues fan again.
 For those who didn't know, and I was one of them, a Hobson's choice is a free choice, but where only one option is really available. At the end of Hobson's Choice, a fine, vulgar, poignant and very funny film directed by David Lean, this is what Henry Horatio Hobson faces. Please note that elements of the plot are discussed.  Hobson (Charles Laughton) is a prosperous shoe and boot merchant in the small town of Salford, England. The time is the 1880s. Hobson is a widower, a blusterer, a man accustomed to his comforts, his drink and his ease. He is, thanks to Laughton, larger than life, a man we can laugh at but not a man we'd probably want as a neighbor. He has three daughters. Maggie (Brenda De Banzie) is 30. She is, says her father, "a bit ripe for marriage at her age, and he plans to keep it that way. Maggie runs the store, keeps the books, sees to dinner and keeps the home above the store neat. Henry Hobson, or course, doesn't pay her wages because she is, after all, his daughter. His two younger daughters both have suitors, and that's just fine with him until he realizes he must give them dowries if they are to marry. There'll be no dowries from Henry Hobson.  And now we watch Maggie come into her own. She is a plain woman with an iron will, a determination that recognizes no barriers, and a very shrewd mind. If she is ever to get away from her father, she will have to find a man to marry her. And now we meet Willie Mossop (John Mills), the shoe worker who makes the shoes in the dingy basement under the store. Willie is just about illiterate, shy to a fault, naive, slow, honest and with very dirty hands. He is quite satisfied to stay in the basement making shoes. In Willie Mossop, however, Maggie sees not just escape from her father, but a man who makes marvelous shoes, and a man she could make into a success with his own...their own...shop. She knows she can do this, and she'll find a way to secure dowries from their father for her two sisters while she's at it. It should come as no surprise that Maggie accomplishes all she sets out to do; that Willie becomes William Mossop whose shoes sell, who is endearing and honest and who has a far better haircut after Maggie takes charge. While Henry Hobson roars about, deep in the drink, full of self-pity and bluster (and as entertaining as only Charles Laughton could make him), we settle back and enjoy the sight of Maggie using her head, with energy and determination, to get the better of her old rogue of a father. Maggie not only finds Willie, but love, too. By the end of the movie, we've come to know a contented and successful couple. William and Maggie have given Henry Hobson a choice he would be foolish to refuse.  This is a vastly entertaining and satisfying movie, thanks to Lean, Laughton, Mills and, especially De Banzie. Laughton came to loath De Banzie during the filming, and the reason is as plain as De Banzie's plain but attractive face. The movie ostensibly is a showcase for Laughton. He plays Hobson bolder than life, vulgar, squinting, staggering drunk, too smart for his own good...a man full of faults and foibles we can laugh at more readily than laugh with. He has two major bits playing the drunk or hungover Hobson and he's very good. There are two major sly and finagling scenes with him which are even better. But Brenda De Banzie, a marvelous actor, steals the show. Just as Maggie carries the day, it is De Banzie who carries the movie. Laughton must have realized this would happen during their first scenes together. De Banzie starts by giving us a no-nonsense woman who knows how to get things done. Her decision to make Willie Mossop her man, to marry him, slowly lets us see just a little vulnerability. She's not going to take "no from Willie, she will make him a success, but we begin to realize without her saying a word that she wants Willie to not find her unattractive. Their wedding night and the morning after is played for smiles, but they're tender smiles. We realize that Maggie made a good choice in Willie and that Willie realizes just how lucky he was. Henry Hobson may continue to bluster, enjoy his drink, expect his comforts and make us appreciate Laughton's bits of over-acting, but it is Maggie and William we feel good about. Together, they're going to be running things...and successfully, too.  The movie was released long ago on VHS tape and can still be tracked down. Criterion's DVD release, due in a couple of months, will undoubtedly give the movie the attention it deserves. I plan to buy it as soon as it's out and will add here my opinion of the extras. This is one of David Lean's finest films. Hopefully, the Criterion release also will bring more attention to what a fine actor Brenda De Banzie was.
 I cannot even begin to descibe the tenderness, humor, and subtle life lessons in this movie. It cannot help but be entertaining and uplifting in the truest sense.  I have this on vhs...it is so worn from watching...I have loaned it to many friends who have said that in the first few minutes they are wondering why I love it so much, and then they are gradually brought to the point where they are enchanted with the sweet lessons of self-determination, true love, and the beautiful transformation of Willie as Maggie sees in him what even he cannot see. A man well treated by a woman does so much for his confidence....And as for maggie...How lovely to see the message that we make our own happiness in life.   There are so many favorite moments, but i agree with the earlier review that Maggie(DeBanzie) steals the show. Nearly every scene with her in it contains my favorite moments  A random bit...but one of my favorite moments is right at the wedding supper...True love is seeing the good in our spouse and helping them believe it.  I also really like the snip of a scene earlier in the film when Willie realizes that he will never be going back to his old life and his sheer disbelief and joy.   This is a sure winner with the quality of Miracle on 34th street, a  movie that will be watched over and over.  Treat yourself and buy on for your mother!
 This is a great comedy from the golden age of British film in the '50s by one of the all time great directors, dealing with the issue of sexism and the British class system with a marvelous performance by Charles Laughton as the self-satisfied, pompous boot shop owner (boots are what they call shoes in England).  If you liked The Man In A White Suit, Kind Hearts And Coronets, et al, you'll love this film.  With the release of this film and John Schlesinger's Far From The Madding Crowd on DVD I'm two films closer to having all my wishes fulfilled.  I hope the transfer is O.K., but I'll buy it anyway.  Now if we could just get The Jokers with Oliver Reed and Michael Crawford, and all the other great overlooked British films on DVD.
 I really enjoy David Lean films, and I watched this not knowing beforehand what it was about.  I know the phrase "Hobson's choice is Cockney Rhymming Slang for "voice"; and the phrase means to be given only one choice; the choice to accept what is offered or nothing at all.  The story is about a retailer named Hobson who is a widower with 3 adult daughters.  One day he decides the two younger daughers are too silly and expensive to have around and so he becomes determinded to marry them off.  The eldest daughter is very good at housekeeping and tending the family boot shop and so he wants her to stay; therefore he tells her she is an old spinster past the age to marry.  Well this goads her into taking fate into her own hands.  We start to see a shift in the meaning of the title; perhaps its referring just as much or moreso for the eldest daughter as for her father.  I also like the moral lesson of equality offered for couples who are already married or considering marriage.  The story kept me guessing until the very end, and I found myself falling in love with the story.  Its very well told and very funny but under the humor is this shining truth that persists and inspires me forward.  I heartily recommend this film to everyone.  The message of story is certainly far ahead of its time, and still very relevant now.
 During the middle forties until the late fifties, the British Cinema affianced itself as the most fertile creativity in which comedy genre concerns. At the moment to think about Kind hearts and cornets, The man in the white suit, Whisky galore, The Lady killers or The lavender Hill Mob, it results very hard to ignore it. These films were emblematic and every one of them carved in relief the humor was the exit door before the enormous process of moral reconstruction after the WW2. As a matter of fact, I'm certain that the corrosive Monthy Phyton team during the seventies and eighties, Bertrand Blier (Buffet froid) and the irreverent Cohen brothers during the nineties, found in these movies a lot of inspiration for their projects.  Hobson is a devoted father (who knows like nobody else to share his filial love with the drink) with some flaws here and there, but he will do his best in order to make his single daughter (who is at the eve of the forties) falls in love and finally get married. But meanwhile, a funny set of hilarious events will undertake.  Perhaps this movie is - essentially - the closest British Neo Realist ever filmed, combining the poverty with kind serenity and good spirits an urban fable, filled with gentle tenderness, candid humor and great doses of realism.  Brenda de Banzie, Charles Laughton and John Mills are simply out of this world; everyone of them is perfect in the role. Amusing and entertained all the way through and one of my top ten desert island choices in this genre. Another striking evidence about the artistic height of the master David Lean.
 The other reviewers have said most of what could & should be said about this wonderful movie, particularly the reviewer from San Antonio.  Back in my married days my mother in law was from Liverpool. She had never seen this movie, but of course knew of the term 'Hobsons Choice' as do all Brits (a choice which, in fact, is no choice at all).  I had recorded it on Betamax (this was almost 30 years ago) and had such a thrill at the Mother in Laws delight with this film.  Anything David Lean touched was instant gold, and ditto Laughton (except for a relative dry run in his 40's films).  A particularly memorable scene is breakfast after the couples wedding night when Maggie has become docile and gives Will an adoring look and he seems ready to burst with pride at having performed his husbandly duties properly!  Great stuff.  An equally great Laughton performance is in Witness for the Prosecution (dir
 ... by epic filmmaker David Lean. A "Hobson's Choice is akin to Don Corleone making an offer one can't refuse. In other words it is no choice at all. How Hobson's eldest daughter takes advantage of circumstance in order to put her overbearing, alcoholic father in this position is fascinating to watch. There is no situation Miss Hobson can't handle with decisiveness and dispatch. She is her  father's daughter and has a great head for business. Dad has met his match.  The great Charles Laughton has a flair for humorous depiction and his comedic timing is perfect as the bootmaker who underestimates his eldest because she is a useless girl. Brenda De Banzie gives a nifty performance as the eldest daughter. She has to manage a somewhat mean-spirited, stingy, father who likes the drink too  much, as well as her sneering younger  sisters who think she is over-the-hill and beyond the age to attract a good husband. Although she is uber competent, it turns out that she is warm and inviting as well. Prunella Scales shows her comedic skill in this early portrayal (she is best known as Sybil Faulty from the hilarious "Faulty Towers.") as the youngest Hobson daughter who is selfish, vixenish, and calculating. John Mills is really splendid as the illiterate, humble, sweet and expert bootmaker who Miss Hobson decides to make into her father's chief professional rival. The rest of the cast never misses the mark. My personal favorites are the Figgins with whom John Mills boards. In fact we can never picture any  other actors as the battling Hobsons and their friends and neighbors.  All works out as it should in the end, resulting in a satisfying film experience. Hobson can be a silent partner in his boot business as long as he butts out, shuts up and stops drinking of course. Don't miss this little jewel of British cinema.
 I just wanted to write to put a few people right.  'Hobson's Choice' is set in Salford, Lancashire (it is now part of Greater Manchester) which is about 200 miles north of London.  That's a lot in English miles!  I didn't think that many Americans would have heard of this great film and (as a Mancunian myself)I can't help but feel a sense of preposterous pride well up inside me just knowing that this film is so beloved on the other side of the pond. This film is wonderful isn't it? I don't think there are many celluloid moments that beat Henry Hobson's mortal terror of the moon following him, going home from the pub.  My favourite Charles Laughton performance
 The Victorian Era is at its height, and Henry Hobson is the master of his little world, tyrannizing over his daughters and employees, and spending hours at the pubs with his cronies. However, daughter Maggie is laying plans down for a future of her own, and they all revolve around William Mossop, Hobson's best employee. Now it's up to Maggie to clear the way for her future and those of her sisters, and she's definitely up to the job!  This is a great movie, with a lot of fun and adventure. The actors do a great job of bringing life to the characters, making them seem as real as real can be, and keeping the story moving and fun throughout. This is a great story of life and love in Victorian England, one that I really like!  (Review of Hobson's Choice starring Charles Laughton, Brenda De Banzie and John Mills)
 I have been looking for this DVD for a while and was thrilled to finally find it listed on Amazon.  This is a real joy to watch. I watch it over and over. What a sweet story.
 This is my new favorite old movie.  It's over fifty years old, and it shows a bit, but it's delightful.  As others have mentioned, a "Hobson's choice is a choice that isn't a choice at all - at least, no more than "take it or leave it, if that.  In the 1890s in Salford, Lancashire, England, the owner of the boot shop is a selfish, querulous, chauvinistic alcoholic who is overbearing with his friends, his neighbors, and especially his three daughters, who resent their father's treatment.  When he realizes he can't marry off his younger daughters without providing dowries, he decrees that they will remain unmarried and work - without pay - for him.  Those sisters are petty and self-centered, and only whine about their fate. However, the eldest - shrugged off as a hopeless old maid but an invaluable shop manager - takes charge of her life by picking a most unlikely husband for herself - her father's talented but ignorant bootmaker, Will Mossop.  When it's all done, her sisters are married to the men of their choice, Maggie and Will Mossop see success both in business and in marriage, and Hobbes is reduced to being a silent partner in his own shop because he is incapable of being anything else.  The legendary Charles Laughton is an admirable tyrant.  His character's alcoholism would be treated much more seriously today; here he is made a comic character whose delirium tremens is funny.  But my favorite part of the tale is the development of the love between the "old maid Maggie (Brenda De Banzie) and the mousy Mossop (John Mills).  He blossoms into a real person with the support (and direction) of the strong-willed, practical woman, and she softens with the loyalty and respect of the gentle man whose character is just the opposite of her father's.  This isn't a major film, but it is a small jewel.  It's worth your while.
 "Hobson's Choice is a charming story of courageous decisions and personal growth, at the same time providing constant dollops of humor, along with the stark backdrop of industrial England.  Henry Hobson runs a solid business making and selling boots and shoes, a widower helped by his three daughters. He's a bit of a Scrooge, preferring that his daughters suffer as old maids than he provide a dowry for them.  His oldest daughter, Maggie, a matron in her late 30s or early 40s, decides to take on this situation head on and make a change. She picks out her father's best worker, a bachelor of about her own age, and suddenly announces to him that they will be married.  The story of their unusual courtship, and Willie's (the renowned John Mills) personal growth from an excellent but timid craftsman to a confident and successful businessman - under Maggie's tutelage - provide the meat for the rest of the film. Charles Laughton is excellent as her grouse of a father. Brenda de Banzie, with a less recognizable name to the average movie fan, but a solid body of work herself, is wonderful as Maggie.  "Hobson's Choice is an amusing story of the triumph of spunk. Not for action junkies, for those who appreciate the stories in these older films its a treasure.
 This was the first British film i ever saw, in West Texas not many of those kinds of movies get out this way, and i absolutely loved it!!!! Its got a solid and interesting plot line with a splendid performance from the actors. I don't need to tell y'all the plot because there are several other reviews that do so. but this one part is so comical, on Willie and Maggie's wedding night Willie is just about to go in to his bride and hes so scared to death he squares his shoulders and marches into the bedroom as though it were to his own execution but the following morning its like there is a new-found love between the two. I like this movie because instead of the typical "fireworks romance but instead a gradual and a growing tender love between the two so that by the end of the film I believe Maggie has the happiest marriage of the three sisters. aside from the wonderful film's plot and acting, it is sooo much fun listening to them talk! I have never in my whole life heard anyone talk like that, it was sooo neat to hear what an English accent sounds like. I wonder if this was actually filmed in London? anyway it was definitely on the expensive side especially for a DVD but it was worth it for such a great movie!
 Charles Laughton is the irascible Henry Hobson who owns a boot shop in 1890s England. Hobson dominates his three daughters, blustering and threatening them about their marriage prospects. His oldest daughter, though, takes matters into her own hands when she uses her own considerable willpower to marry her father's lowly and mild-mannered bootmaker Willie Mossop, played beautifully by John Mills.  A quiet movie in many ways, but with many delightful moments. Watching the transformation of Mossop from meek bootmaker to proud husband and owner of his own shop is reward in itself. Watch for Prunella Scales of Fawlty Towers fame as youngest daughter Vicky.
 This my all time favorite.  There are many more movies that I would love to own but Hobson's Choice is on another list...my must have list
 This is a great old film set in London and starring Charles Laughton in a surprising comedy role. Usually he would be expected to play the grumpy captain of a naval vessel.  Here he plays the part of an overbearing, drunken father of three daughters, the oldest of which he supposes will turn out to be an old maid. However, she turns out to be totally self dependent and surpises both him and the sisters by charting her own future. By the end she succeeds in convering the father from a pompous, dictatorial gas bag, into a humble dependent. She further converts her surprising choice of a husband from a mild mannered weakling into a strong, take charge type. Overall a really interesting and entertaining film.
 One of the most delightful movies I have ever seen.  I have been frustrated in not being able to find this on DVD.  Excellent service, and after the viewing, well worth the price.
 Hobson's Choice is a 1954 David Lean film that I found totally satisfying by today's movie standards.  In Victorian England, widower Henry Hobson (Charles Laughton) manages a boot shop.  Actually, his three daughters and the boot makers in the basement do the work while he drinks at the tavern and trades stories with his friends, holding tightly to his authority as man of the house.  He's kind of a Victorian Archie Bunker.  It turns out that his oldest daughter (at 30, Hobson claims, she is too old to marry) has a mind of her own and convinces the best bootmaker in the basement to marry her and set up their own business -- a blow for feminism and to classism in one swoop.  Watching those two reach their potential and blossom into confident human beings is only one of the delights of this brilliant film.
 My first viewing was some thirty or perhaps forty year ago. My youth deprived me of the appreciation I should have felt. A wonderful story that captured the customs and traditions of an island country that has given birth to so many great governments about this world. A social order that became a standard. Best viewed by an older and experienced person.
 The story opens in Victorian England, where Henry Hobson (Charles Laughton) is a wealthy boot shop owner despite being a selfish blowhard who spends his days and nights at the pub.  When he tells his smart, spinster  daughter (Brenda de Banzie) that she's too old to marry, she takes matters into her own hands and marries an unlikely candidate (John Mills).  This is an absolutely delightful movie with endearing characters, a funny plot, and witty dialogue and it was directed by David Lean.  Laughton is very good as the blustering father, but Brenda de Banzie steals the show.  She plays a strong-willed, ahead-of-her-time woman who knows what she wants and goes after it, despite the social pressures of the day.  John Mills gives a sweet performance as the oafish boot hand who grows into a confident and loving  businessman.  The recreation of a Victorian town is complete and the costumes are lovely.  This is an old-fashioned and thoroughly enjoyable movie that will leave you wondering why they don't make 'em like this anymore.  Highly recommended.
 This is a sweet/funny,comedy/love story.  Saw parts of it on cable and HAD to buy it.  You'll want to see this one!  Put it on your list of must have movies!
 If you like the old British productions get this one if only to get a flavour of the late 19th century in London England. Top British Actors all around.
 This movie is very entertaining throughtout and has some very good life lessons in it. It came very quickly and was well packaged. This product is a bit on the expensive side for an old movie but I guess that is what you pay for when you get a classic.
 This DVD is a classic; it's cinematography, it's acting and the story are all at the peak of a great artistic presentation.
 During his entire career David Lean was fascinated by Victorian and Edwardian hypocrisy; this lovely little comic film from 1954, based on a 1916 Harold Brighouse play that had been filmed several times before, allowed him to show the lighter side of this fascination. Charles Laughton, in a great comic turn, plays Henry Horatio Hobson, a Salford middle-class bootmaker who drinks too much and who exploits his three daughters for their unpaid labor. The eldest daughter, Maggie (Brenda de Banzie), decides at the play's beginning to break free from her father's control by marrying his most talented workman (John Mills) despite their class differences and setting up shop together; the pleasure of the narrative is in seeing the confident, unyielding Maggie put everything to rights with her backwards lover (who initially acts as if he's been descended upon by a divine power beyond his ken), her father, and her silly sisters who have romantic interests of their own. (This is the same sort of pleasure as afforded by Stella Gibbons's novel COLD COMFORT FARM--seeing social disorder swept up and made tidy.) Though the acting styles of the film's principal actors are very different, Mills and Laughton have a great time with their more broadly etched characters and show their skills at playing broadly without going over the top; meanwhile, De Banzie has a genuine triumph of naturalistic acting with the single-minded Maggie, who is simultaneously estimable and fearsome but also quite warm and likable. As always David Lean makes tremendous use of mise-en-scene, and offers brilliant touches (the opening sweep of the fussily designed boots and shoes in the Hobson shop; the great windburst that showers the flyers for Maggie's shop all over Hobson after he tries to throw them away in the street). The wonderful exterior shots of the actual Salford streets (with carefully recreated signs from the period done up on the storefronts) show you a more particularized vision of 1880s urban Britain than you might ever hope to see anywhere else.
 I have enjoyed reading the previous reviews and heartly agree with each one.  This movie is delightful.  Don't miss Prunella Scales (Fawlty Towers) as one of the sisters.  Watch it yourself and see if you don't fall in love with this film too.
 I have the VHS of this absolute gem--or rather, I did.  A friend borrowed it to show his three young daughters and they watch it over and over, so I don't have the heart to ask for it back! Don't forget to show this to your kids, they will love it!
 British Director David Lean, best known for blockbusters like Bridge on the River Kwai, Lawrence of Arabia and Doctor Zhivago, was about a decade into his illustrious career when he directed Hobson's Choice in 1953.  Hobson (Charles Laughton) is the proprietor of an English boot and shoe shop who leaves his eldest daughter Maggie (Brenda De Banzie) to run his business while he spends his days drinking at Moonraker's Pub.  Laughton's strong performance shows his talent for comedy, as well as a surprising physical agility that belies his age and girth.  Hobson's two younger daughters may marry if they wish, but he has decreed that Maggie will remain unmarried, tending his shop and his home. The strong willed Maggie has other ideas, and finds in Hobson's prized bootsmith Will (John Mills) the perfect timid lump of clay to mold into a real man. Mills' performance as the subservient worker is a delight to behold as he hesitantly transforms under Maggie's goading and guidance into a reluctant approximation of a dominant man of business.  The rambunctious musical theme that plays with the opening credits is a hint that this will be no ordinary comedy.  The three lead performers, along with an assortment of familiar British character actors in supporting roles, deliver a story that is likely to linger pleasantly in your memory for years to come.  This DVD from Criterion has several special features, including a newly restored digital transfer, audio commentary on the film, an informative essay in the form of a booklet, and a BBC documentary on the life and career of Charles Laughton.
 Set in nineteenth century, industrial revolution England, it is basically a love story, completely enjoyable, start to finish.  Brenda de Banzie, as a woman of character; John Mills, as an illiterate artisan; and Charles Laughton, as the blustery master, give convincing performances.  Well worth the money.
 One of our favorite films and it will become one of yours as well.  The acting, storyline and filming make it a classic.  We once had a VHS copy of this film recorded from cable broadcast years ago - but I accidently used that same VHS tape to record something else and lost much of the original recording. We were heart-broken. Thank goodness, this classic film - Hobson's Choice was finally released on DVD. Add it to your DVD collection, you will be happy you did.  Enjoy.
 I checked Amazon for this movie again, not even hoping, really, that it would be on DVD (something one does at two in the morning).  And, behold, it now is! This 1954 movie with Brenda de Banzie and John Mills is surprising and funny and leaves one feeling happy.
 Yes, I know this is the title of a recent movie and it was pretty good but this movie, this movie is great.  There are really not that many great movies out there. I first found this movie in my mother's (yes, my 80 year old mother who has excellent taste) collection of VHS tapes she made from PBS.  It was a miserable copy but the movie! I ordered the VHS here on amazon and waited close to 2 months to receive it.  I have watched it unnumbered times. I want to thank Criterion for doing a beautiful DVD version.  Charles Laughton is at the top (the very top, which is pretty high) of his game.  Brenda DeBanzie, who I never heard of before or since, is amazing as is an unexpected John Mills. This movie is about love, faith, bravery and family, all the BIG subjects usually given turgid treatment but this movie is far from staid.  Ok, I love this movie (and I too have excellent taste).  So, stop reading these silly reviews and buy it, already.
 I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE IN MANY YEARS. IT'S ONE OF MY FAVORITES. VERY, VERY FUNNY. I LOVE THE BRITISH HUMOR.
 I always love it when I can 'put to pasture' an old, faithful VHS copy of a favorite film and replace it with a crisp-looking DVD...so I can't wait for Hobson's Choice to hit the market.  My David Lean DVD collection begins with his two Dickens adaptations and ends with Lawrence Of Arabia.  The only holes in the collection are Hobson's Choice and Passage To India (which I won't bother with because it's the one David Lean film that I don't like well enough to own).  Now what we need is for someone (or a variety of someones) to lean beyond Lean and issue DVDs of the 2-part epic of Little Dorrit, starring Alec Guinness and Derek Jacoby, the original Monte Walsh with Lee Marvin and Jack Palance, and that other Charles Laughton gem, Ruggles Of Red Gap.  And while they're at it, it certainly would be nice to have The African Queen on DVD, wouldn't it?  But maybe that's too much to ask.
 DVD of a Black and White classic film was delivered on time. It was of excellent quality and was enjoyed by my family this past holiday week.
 Received DVD as advertized.  It arrived as scheduled and in class "A shape.  Quality of product was also class "A".  Would recommend buying experience to everyone. --CWG Vancouver, WA.
 Another favorite movie - Anthony Hopkins at his best.  Emma Thompson is genuine in her role as housekeeper.  The English lifestyle, so reserved,  so many expectations, life goes on, stiff upper lip, all come together in a well-directed, well-acted story about missed opportunities and loyalty.  This is one that needs to be seen more than once to understand the social implications involved.  Superb movie!!
 Our duty is to be a  wife  or a  husband . Not to commit adultery or complain about our spouse. Our duty is to love our work. No matter what the station. And to serve our employer with great and complete devotion. Our duty is to love our country. And not to tear down our leaders. This disloyalty and subdued  hatred  is what causes our  degraded age . People hate their spouses, their country, their leaders, their employers. The end result is that everybody hates everybody. Jim Stevens, brillantly played by Anthony Hopkins, is a great man. This is his philosophy. And his greatness shines throughout the movie. Please do not be disturbed by the forward flashes and back flashes between 1936 and about 1958. They will happen frequently. The butler, Anthony Hopkins, serves Lord Halifax. Lord Halifax is the owner of Darlington Hall. Ms. Kent, portrayed by Emma Thompson, is the housekeeper. Now here is where you come in. How far will you serve your employer, your country, your station - before you say  no . Lord Halifax is a wonderful and great man. But because a friend of his comitted suicide after the World War I treaty with Germany, he is very strongly  and emotionally intent on keeping peace with Germany. Being a political leader, he is intent on keeping peace with Germany at all costs. He has a conference where a Congressman Lewis attends. Lewis is beautifully portrayed by Christopher Reeves. Lewis represents the new  individualistism  in the world. Where it is okay for anyone to dissent and speak their minds. Which way is better, I will let you decide. Stevens is so loyal to his position that he finally realizes, or senses in some capacity, that something may have gone wrong. I don't want to write anymore because it may destroy this incredible movie for you. But you must address two issues. Is it right to be loyal to one's family, friends, employer, country - regardless of circumstances? Or should you dissent when something is terribly wrong? Thank you and enjoy.
 On my top ten list of best films..This film is not for those who like big action films. Everything is slow and full of meaning.. And my favorite male star Anthony Hopkins doing what he does best, act. Emma is wonderful also.It is to hard believe that some people actually take their jod so serious , but back then they did . And it happens today also.Although you may not notice who they are..Just a wonderful film all around... Again Amazon came to my aid. They always have what i want....Thanks
 I love anything that Anthony Hopkins does is this is no exception.  British films & television programs are the best.  I had already seen this film numerous times before I purchased it & it's just as good as the first time I watched it. Excellent film!  This is a definite keeper.
 Because of my slight obsession with Downton Abbey, I wanted to revisit this movie, which I first saw the year it originally came out (1993). I had never read the book, so I read that first, and then saw the movie. The book is beautifully written, and its emotional impact takes it time to hit you because it appears devoid of it for a long time.  Because of his iconic portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs, it is sometimes hard to remember that Anthony Hopkins is a brilliant actor in all sorts of roles. In many ways, this performance is even better
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thonpson! Hard to beat this duo and toss in Merchant and Ivory and you have a timeless classic. Well worth the time to watch and well worth the cost.
 "Remains of the Day"(1993) is a Merchant/Ivory production that is a beautifully realized film, based on a novel by Kazuo Ishiguro, about an English butler (Anthony Hopkins) who works for his master Lord Darlington (James fox) pre-WWII (1930's). Emma Thompson stars as the estate's housekeeper who gradually falls in love with Hopkin's character. This film doesn't appear to have been remastered and instances of dust appear, but overall the film looks quite good. There are also a number of special features including the making of the film, deleted scenes, and interviews with the actors.
 The richnesss and care taken in this period piece is not to be missed.  The acting is great and nothing is left to chance in writing.
 This next film from the makers of "Howards End, which also reunites the two stars of that elegant & sophisticated film (Sir Anthony Hopkins & Emma Thompson-Mrs. Thompson having won for Best Actress in that film and Mr. Hopkins for his steely portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in the chilling psychological thriller "The Silence Of The Lambs") is another gem in the Merchant-Ivory crown. Featuring another star-studded cast and excellent production values, this is a great film that should be added to your collection. At 2/1/2 hours, it might be a stretch for the younger generation, but who cares what their taste is? This film is for those who appreciate classic movies like "Ben-Hur, "Gone With The Wind, "Doctor Zhivago, "The Sound Of Music, etc. These movies, and others I refrain from mentioning due to word limits on reviews, are family-oriented films that deserve an even bigger audience (ie. should be seen by today's generation, in addition to those who saw them in their original theatrical run). I've only had a chance to view the deleted scenes, and frankly, it's quite interesting to see what was cut from the film and why. I highly recommend this movie. Rated PG for adult themes.
 I suppose some would say, that the way we handle our emotions is what separates us from animals.  And while I don't necessarily disagree with that, I'd have to add that the way we handle our emotions is what separates us from machines.  Our emotions are what make us who we are, what make us human.  But in some people and/or at some times, those emotions are not to be allowed to exist, tightly controlled for fear of potentially adverse consequences.  That some people would think that it is never appropriate to show emotions is something that surprised me when I first encountered it, but I have and not just in the movies.  In "The Remains of the Day, the threat posed by emotions is simply one of a particular inappropriateness in the job environment, but with some people it is seen as always inappropriate because of the negative effects that emotions have perhaps too-often had previously in someone's life.  There's no evidence that Hopkins' character is in the latter camp, but he has clearly gotten so wrapped up in his job that he cannot separate it from his personal life.  In this movie, Hopkins amazingly shows us what it might be like to be someone so repressed and out of touch with their emotions that they have become not perhaps, a machine, but certainly a hollow and pathetic creature.  The scene with Lord Darlington shortly after Stevens' (Hopkins) father dies is classic, you can see his struggle to keep his emotions from distracting him from his job to the point that the characteristically oblivious Darlington actually begins to notice, but the only character who is really in a position to understand what is happening with Stevens is Emma Thompson's Miss Kenton.  By the end of the movie, the tears coming from Thompson's character seem less from unrequited love than overwhelming pity for the still-unable-to-emote Stevens.  Thompson's character has become closer to Hopkins' than anyone else over his entire adult life, and if that isn't the definition of pathetic, I don't know what is.  Yet stiff-upper-lip and all that, eh wot?
 Very wonderful story with great acting by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. That alone should clue you in to the type of production you are about to view. The acting between the two is simply exquisite. I do believe that this is Mr. Hopkins finest performance. It seems effortless on his part. The sign of a truly great artist. Ms. Thompson too is one of our best. Christopher Reeve before his devastating accident looks dashing and handsome like Prince Charming. The scenes between Mr Hopkins and his father will break your heart. This is one of the best films I have ever experienced.
 This is Merchant Ivory at its best. This taught tense film is filled with moments of such intimate despair and weave history and the Neville Chamberlin Apeasment approach into it answers or at least its telling of the story.
 Adapted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala from Kazuo Ishiguro's novel, "Remains is a refined, elegantly crafted study of loss, regret, and the costs of emotional repression. Hopkins is masterful as Stevens, a man hiding behind an unswervingly dedicated, almost pathologically formal veneer. And the ever-charming Thompson is an excellent foil, attempting to draw Stevens out of his fortress of unfeeling. Lovingly handled by the Merchant-Ivory team, with exquisite period detail and coolly expressive cinematography, "Remains is a cinematic gem of exceedingly good taste.
 This is a slow paced movie, but so well acted and directed that you miss the rhytm. You feel caught from the first images with the voice in off . The photography is splendid. The art is direction is spectacular . The script is a long tale from the memories of Anthony Hopkins and a failed relationship with Emma Thompson as the mistress in service of James Fox a hard enemy of the German forces in WW2. The film travels from the passionate speechs about the destiny of the mankind , the human condition and also the intimate portrayal of this loyal servant , keeping the formalities with absolute gentleness. Never before Ivory had been so inspired and convincing like this one . The last sequence of the film is an extraordinary metaphor. Thompson brilliant and Hopkins superb in this work. This is a heavyweight champion movie , great and marvelous . Don't miss this one!
 With each passing year, my appreciation for Anthony Hopkins grows and grows, and Remains of the Day is one of his finest performances ever. Paired with the simply wonderful Emma Thompson in this era-spanning classic, the film succeeds grandly on many levels. Above all, perhaps, Remains is an examination of the great divide between the master class and the servant class in British society, this in the context of the affairs of state of prewar and postwar England, being conducted on the private  amateur  level. If you don't care for costume dramas, this film may not be for you, but I found it fascinating, even if it's flashbacks are a bit confusing at first. Whatever role he plays, whether it be billionaire or CEO or butler, Hopkins' roles always place him in some plum obsessive/compulsive spot in the social order, and as a butler he is blind to all but the allegiances to which he is expected to conform. Remains of the Day explores these blind spots deliciously, the ignorance of the outside world Stevens imposes on himself out of duty. Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house. The relationship between Hopkins as Stevens and his Butler-father also struck a very rich chord with me. This is a film worth watching again and again....Merchant Ivory's best film...one might even say,  exemplary .
 This is a must-see for those seeking a well-written story line performed by cream-of-the-crop actors. This period drama is very bitter sweet, and you can't help but be drawn into a web of conflicting emotions. Anthony Hopkins/Emma Thompson fans should not miss this one.
 Although some might classify this as a romance it doesn't fit the typical idea of one. So I wouldn't recommend it if that is what your looking for. I myself am a romantic and have a number of movies to support that fact. I saw this movie long ago and was impacted by it in another way. For me Anthony Hopkins plays the part of what a true servant's heart should be. I was able to take lessons from this and apply it to my relationship with God. This is a well written movie and all of the parts are well played. As is typical with a number of Anthony Hopkins movies, you respect the character he plays. But then that is his persona.
 This is one of my absolute favorite movies.  I've viewed it probably at least 10 times, a rarity for me.  My advice to anyone who has not seen it, is to judge this movie for yourself. Do not allow yourself to be swayed by anything written or said about this movie--especially not anything written or said by those who made it.  This movie is quite the paradox...in the sense it is a highly intelligent well-made movie...yet, from the get-go, those associated with it or reviewed it all seemed to see it in the same flawed, not to mention stereotypic way.  Anthony Hopkin's butler character Stevens is "the perfect English butler--an ideal carried by him to fanatical lengths"...he is "suppressed"...he made the horrid mistake of not marrying Miss Kenton, the housekeeper...if ONLY he had married Miss Kenton, they would have lived happily ever after!!!!! 
 Arguably Remains of the Day is the finest Mechant/Ivory film ever made.  Anthony Hopkins delivers perhaps his finest performance with an excellent ensemble cast that includes co-star Emma Thompson and  James Fox.  You'll also see Christopher Reeve and newcomer Hugh Grant on board. Merchant/Ivory films are often too precious and too tastefully presented to get overly excited about.  Despite how beautiful they may look, I often find myself restless and then unsatisfied with their films that are often  too stuffy and airless to ever experience more than once. Remains of the Day is a little masterpiece of a film -- A wonderful character study and period drama worth repeat viewings. The story is wonderfully framed in the present day of the 1950's, which sets the mood to enjoy the film's exquisite  earlier period details.  The film's stuffiness is natural because the story centers around the James Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) a butler who has takes great pride in being in complete servitude to his employer Lord Darlington (James Fox) and the large English country home he attends to.   Most of the film concerns itself with the late 1930's and early 1940's during World War 2 and Stevens' recollections are centered around his very proper relationship with Sally Kenton (Emma Thompson) who worked as a domestic in the home along with him for many years.  Perhaps he can convince the new present day owners of the manor and to let Sally Kenton again work with him once again. Kenton and Stevens' made a great Domestic team, Stevens' recalls. In flashback we see Steven's life working as a butler for Lord Darlington and watching some of the influential politicians, Lords and ladies pass through the manor hallways.   Hopkins' performance is one to savor and study.  His every inflection, glance, and expression carries several meanings.  The longing he feels for Sally  must be suppressed to perform his tasks to the utmost of perfection and Sally's personal feelings for Stevens must like-wise be held in check because they are first and foremost devoted to their duties.  They share a perfectionism and devotion to their work that nothing is allowed interfere with.  If the film sounds dull and stiff, let me assure you that this is a film of such grace, beauty and near perfection that it will haunt you for several years.  You will focus on the smallest of details in the film and be richly rewarded for taking the time to do so. The film is rich in period details (the cinematographer was Tony Pierce-Roberts) and offers an impeccable production design by Luciana Arrighi ( Anna and the King ), set decoration by Ian Whittaker (Anna and the King) and wonderfully re-created period costumes by Jenny Beavan and John Bright.   You won't forget the performances of Anthony Hopkins or Emma Thompson in Remains of the Day. DVD STUFF  Remains of the Day  is presented in 2.35
 This Merchant Ivory masterpiece is a must-own DVD
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson give superlative performances as the head butler and housekeeper at Darlington Hall in pre-WWII England, where personal and international dramas are enacted.  Set in the present, the film uses flashbacks to tell the stories of servants and Lord Darlington, a misguided gentleman who believed appeasement with Germany was the solution in the years leading to the Second World War.  Hopkins is his very officious butler, a man who places duty and propriety above all things, even his true feelings for housekeeper Thompson.  She is more forthcoming with her emotions, but she cannot bring him to open himself up, including a painfully well-acted scene where Thompson tries to get Hopkins to reveal to her the book he is reading. If you are looking for loads of action and music-video style editing, this film will not be for you.  It is a character and class study, and it succeeds admirably well on both levels.  Hopkins and Thompson are both able to communicate subtle emotions with a simple pause or a look.  The supporting cast is also fine.  The screenplay allows the characters and drama to unfold slowly, establishing a feeling for the time and for the differences in class that existed in the era.   Remains of the Day is directed with understated style, allowing the setting and characters to dominate. Although it may be more literary than most films, don't mistake it for something stuffy or inaccessible.  It's great drama about all too real characters that reminds us of the impact of the unspoken word.
 Memories both good and bad light up what yet remains of the day. This is the story of how a man finds comfort in remembering what he has achieved, and what he has lost.  Remains of the Day saw the reuniting of the Merchant/Ivory/Jhabvala/Hopkins/Thompson team that had made Howards End two years before (1991). It was almost the Pinter/Irons/Streep team that had made the French Lieutenant's Woman in 1981, with Mike Nichols directing this time, but other commitments forced Nichols to just a co-producing role. It would be interesting to compare the Pinter and Jhabvala treatments of Kazuo Ishiguro's book. This is Merchant/Ivory in their prime, and it's a sumptuous production that creates the period and milieu (the 30s and 50s in a stately English country house) without falter, and proceeds at a suitably stately pace.  There are two parallel developments throughout the film
 Remains of the Day joins Goodfellas and Breaking the Waves as movies that did not win Best Picture Oscars in the 90's, however will be be remembered as truly three of the finest flims ever produced. Merchant and Ivory has always been an aquried taste, however this movie truly crosses all boundries. As the years go by (I'm writing this review in 2005), Anthony Hopkins brillance as an actor gets dimmed somewhat with every mediorce script he takes, although if anyone has earned the right to sell out for money, it is he and Deniro.  This movie will truly haunt you, and I don't say that lightly. Lesson for all young movie directors who think you have to have raunchy sex scenes with wafer-like women and thick headed men to generate heat on screen
 There aren't many performances in film that translate with such intensity a man's ancestral obsequiousness, and cowardice in the face of duty, than Anthony Hopkins' in the above film. This came out the same year as Philadelphia, the movie that achieved Tom Hanks his first, and much deserved, academy award. As poignant as Tom's portrayal is of an AIDS-afflicted homosexual taking on corporate and social prejudice, however, I really believe Anthony was the superior heir to the accolade. The film received eight nominations in all, including Best Film, Best Actress (Emma Thompson), and Best Actor, and Anthony was coming off an Oscar-winning role for his work in Silence of the Lambs three years prior. Whereas Philadelphia's outstanding appeal is rooted in its obvious social matter, The Remains of the Day is a subtle, probing, and I think an even more tragic painting of a man immured by heritage and dutiful blindness.   Based on the book by Kazuo Ishiguro, the story is divested through flashbacks of a retired butler named Stevens (Hopkins) near the end of his life circa 1958. He is engaged in a trek across the English countryside toward a long awaited meeting that he hopes might reconcile his past mistakes. His reminiscences take us back to a period shortly preceding the Second World War, in the estate of the politically inclined Lord Darlington, under whom Stevens serves. He is possessed with a stringent, self-denying will to fulfill his duty, and his thoroughly unsentimental way of life is challenged with the arrival of the new housekeeper, the spirited, idealistic Miss Kenton (Emma Thompson). The film concentrates on the tortured and repressed romance between these two as Darlington Hall becomes embroiled in a political, underhanded affair with the Nazis.   It is a thoughtful, masterful film that unveils itself in the shadows and crevices of the manor; the only effect is human emotion. Pay attention to how Hopkins has unearthed the subtleties, in his unsated eyes and breathy hesitations, of a man buried in ignorance and loneliness due to obsessive, familial yeomanry. A man who will not leave the table to attend to his dying father upstairs, also a butler, until his master has been seated. And the final scene, where the dove becomes trapped in a room and is eventually released through the window -watch as Stevens stares curiously after the fleeting, liberated creature and the camera retreats from the window, revealing the breathtaking expanse of the English landscape. This is the world that he has failed to understand and explore. Beautiful. Hopkins proves he is a master
 Lots of interesting critiques here of this masterful and wrenching film and I don't see much point in being redundant.  So, one perhaps important clarification and one opinion just because I feel like it
 This is one of the very best books I have ever read and I was terrified when I heard that it was going to be filmed. When I heard that they picked Emma Thompson and Anthony Hopkins to play the two main caracters of the  book I was even more scared. Why? Because the higher you jump from the more  painful the fall may be. But not in this case; The film is very good,  with fabulous actors and brilliant acting, a great achievement that has its  own value and its own identity with a very valid and impressive  interpretation of the book.  Ishiguro once said in a interview that   one uses memory for ones own purpose, one's own ends  and that  is why he writes in the first person form, to be able to follow somebody's  thoughts around,  as they trip themself up or try to hide from  themself . I think The remains of the day is Ishiguros way of telling  us to live to day and to grasp love when and if you find it and not to wait  until you are old.  The movie is great and anyone who worked on it or  with it should be very proud of themselves, from Ishiguro himself, the  casting people and the director and specially Emma Thompson and Anthony  Hopkins. Lovely! Read the book  and then see the movie. You can even see  the movie first and then read the book and that is not often you can do!
 Oh my, where to start? I only recently saw this film due to a mild enamorment with the lovely Emma Thompson and boy am I glad I did. Being fairly unfamiliar with Merchant and Ivory productions, I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of research that must've gone in to the producing of this film. The sets are just enormously fabulous, with rich colors and impeccable detail.  Anthony Hopkins, whom I had only know previously as Hannibal Lector, surprised me with his quinessentially British-butler demeanor. He gives an appropriately sedated yet emotional performance, one quite worthy of an Oscar. Ms. Thompson plays his 'love interest' (though they don't even share a kiss) and is a fiery, free-spirited woman who was slightly wronged by Mr. Stevens due to his inattention towards her.  To those who have read the book, I am pleased to say that this film is a very close adaptation of it. Though seemingly unfilmable, Kazuo Ishiguro's Booker Prize-winning novel is manifested magnificently on the screen. A very touching scene that I regretted not being in the film (but is included in the deleted scenes on this DVD) is the moment that Mrs. Benn reflects aloud about the life she might've led with Mr. Stevens. In the book, Stevens thinks to himself, "Why hide it, my heart was breaking. Such a poignant line and one that really embodies the values at the core of the film. The book is written more comedically while the film's tone is more somber.  I particularly enjoyed Emma Thompson's performance in this film. She had just won an Oscar for Howards End (another film I recommend highly) and here she is once again paired with Anthony Hopkins and Merchant Ivory. The infamous 'Book scene' had me tearing my hair out (figuratively) in frustration at Stevens' narrow-minded pursuit of service and 'dignity'. At the end, however, I was crying with him in agony at the thought of his wasted years and his wasted love for Ms. Kenton.  So, folks, the moral of the story is to'Not waste your life!' and to watch this movie.  Highly recommended
 A classic movie in the genre of "The English Patient"; people will either love it or hate it.  The book is also a superb read
 Merchant-Ivory films bore me to tears, but this is quite the exception. Hopkins delivers perfection as a repressed butler and is amazing on so many levels. I marveled at the brilliance of the cast and the story, and its place in a historical context. Filmed in a gorgeous, widescreen format, I was really impressed with the locations selected - they all work magnificently. And the music! Very memorable. Notable for this dvd release is the commentary track, which Emma Thompson shines on.
 Without creating an elite among film viewers, "The Remains of the Day divides spectators into two categories -- one is of those who are left indifferent by the movie, those who miss full-swing action and find the film too long and too boring. The other group (myself including) find it delightful and powerful, in a very special, understated way. Portraying a relationship of two people who sacrificed their lives to serving their lords, the story is enhanced by wonderful performances of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. The two splendid actors met once again under the direction of James Ivory after starring in the previous Merchant-Ivory production hit, "Howards End".  The story is set in the late 1950's, when the perfect butler from the pre-war era, Mr. Stevens (Hopkins), is on his way to visit the former housekeeper of Darlington Hall (where he remained), Miss Kenton (played by Thompson). The film's substantial part thus takes place in the 1930's, with the end section describing the reunion after the two decades. Their time for love, sadly, is long past. Yet Stevens had embarked on this journey, a little too late for making up for what he missed, when he was such a great, dependable servant to Lord Darlington. Darlington is a character cleverly thought up by the original novel author Kazuo Ishiguro, in that he is an example of a politician going completely in a wrong direction -- the history and the present have plenty of suchlike ones. The film's bulk is thus set in ominous undertones of pending World War II. Surging, restless score by Richard Robbins (not very good for listening on its own, without viewing) and beautiful cinematography help make the film what it is, a stunning work of art, but two main stars steal the show. You could say sometimes there is a lack of expression on the face of Stevens whatsoever and still it's a great acting. He just loses his temper once -- but Miss Kenton is not there to see it anymore. For that matter, Thompson's acting is, as always, equally superb -- her eyes and face speak volumes without words. Indeed, there is a lot of going on for a careful observer to see and digest in his/her mind while viewing this film. Subtly beautiful and ultimately quite sad, it leaves you with questioning your own priorities in life. If you haven't seen "The Remains of the Day yet and you love films set in England ("Sense and Sensibility", "Gosford Park", "Howards End"), give yourself a treat a see it.
 I have seen HOWARD'S END and i thought it was great,but Merchant-Ivory have outdone themselves with this film.  The story centres around Mr Stevens{Anthnoy Hopkins} a Butler in Darlington Hall. Many of the  scenes are done in flashback. As he reflects on life with Lord  Darlington{James Fox}. He realizes how misguided his loyaties were to Lord  Darlington.  Mr Stevens was so commited to his work that  practically destroed his personal life. When his father is dying upstairs  he still serves drinks. Also he pushes away the one woman who truly loves  him,this being Miss Kenton the  very capable  Housekeeper.  This book is done totally through Mr Stevens mind so I would have thought  it would not be suitable to be made into a movie, but M-I have proved me  wrong.  This film manages to balance the plot and sub-plot perfectly  without harming either. Hopkins and Thompson give the performances of their  lives. Hopkins makes Mr Stevens seem more than simply  cold and uncaring  but a man who is attractive and kind,but who unfortunately cannot let his  feeling known ,so much is the restraint of his office. Hopkins lets us see  his feelings in so sutle way with simply an eye movement or eyebrow, never  letting go of the veneer of control but you can feel that underneath he is  terrable pain.  Miss Kenton sees that MrStevens has qualities wit and  responbility.  Emma Thompson  plays her as an independent  ,spirted,inteligent woman who unfotunalely falls in love with a man who can  never express his feelings for because of duty and repression. Your empathy  is more with her in the end. As she tries to anything to get him to open up  to her. The scenes particulaly at the end are heart-wrenching. One scene  paricualy touched me was when she comes back late after anousing she is  leaving and Mr Stevens is angry with her probally out of jeasouy, Miss  Kenton believes that if she can hurt or make him angry enough it might  force him to admit his feeling. The plan back fires and all she manages to  do is hurt him and herself even more.  If you are looking for a simple  love story with passionate love scenes then this is not for you, but if you  are looking for an interesting ,thought provoking story of repressed love  and misguided loyaties then this for you.
 The very talented and versatile Anthony Hopkins is wonderfully cast as the English butler, Mister Stevens.  It is Steven's eager existential duty to serve  the master of the estate, Lord Darlington (James Fox), with unhesitating loyalty and meticulous dedication.  Class distinctions have usually been more important to  our British cousins.  This is a major reason why the American colonies revolted against the  mad  King George.  Most living in Great Britain some 60 years ago  considered their social status at birth as inescapable.  Once a servant, always a servant.  A Mister Stevens or the head housekeeper (played aptly by Emma  Thompson) would likely have looked askance at anyone suggesting they try to improve their lot in life.  Such hopes bordered on being perceived as unnatural, if not traitorous. Lord Darlington is an elitist who is easily seduced into embracing the Nazis as England's partners to usher in a new age of mutual prosperity and fellowship.  The film  suggests that Lord Darlington meant well, but was perhaps innocent and over his head concerning the true designs of the Nazis.  This irritated me to no end.  I am  convinced that most of these wealthy and powerful individuals were more than a little receptive toward the anti-Semitic underpinnings of Nazi ideology.  They  gratefully welcomed a philosophy advocating racial superiority.  Comradeship with committed Nazis also reinforced the self image of the Lord Darlingtons as the homo sapiens most deserving to be the leaders of their respective political and cultural institutions.  A pecking order exists in nature, and the gods of the universe have  positioned them at the very top rung of the evolutionary ladder. There is one very powerful scene that demands our rapt attention.  Master Stevens is serving drinks to Lord Darlington and a few of his Nazi guests when one of  the latter begins to insult the dutiful butler.  The condescending guest asks Master Stevens questions about particularly difficult political issues of the moment.  Stevens concedes that his lack of education prevents him from fully understanding these matters.  The man then sarcastically concludes that Master Stevens is a  quintessential reason why democracy is doomed to fail.  Only the elites have any business being involved in politics, he adds.  The guest rejects the very premise of  democracy that declares ordinary and modestly educated people along with the elites are more than capable of forming a workable political system.  Moreover, we hold that the  basic commonsense of the hoi polloi often balances out the sometimes ethereal unrealistic speculations of the elites.  The ordinary person is not an idiot to be marginalized, but may have much to add. Is such a system perfect?  No, but as Winston  Churchill once said, its still the best system devised in human history.  Elitist governments, on the other, inherently tend to be tyrannical and unjust. This is a gorgeous film to view.  Much care was given in making  Remains of the Day  as authentic looking as possible.  The dedication and commitment of those  who made this movie possible is to be commended.  These artists had to love this project because it's most probable they took a huge cut in pay.  The film is  unfortunately also timeless.   Remains of the Day  will be forevermore relevant.  The at least metaphorical reality of Original Sin is alive and well on planet earth,  and some people will always want to look down on their fellow citizens.   Remains of the Day  will provide you with much to think about.
 Hopkins and Thompson, along with a truly outstanding supporting cast, bring Ishikawa's book to life. Rarely is such a complex book done such justice. My principal complaint is that the ending was changed significantly. If you enjoy the film, I recommend also reading at least the last chapter of <a href="http
 I have read the Booker prize winning book by Ishiguro and it blew me away. It is a special book that shows the life of a person who sacrifices everything for his master. I was sure that the movie will not live upto my expectations as a lot of it is in the mind of Steven, the butler. However, the movie did do a impressive job of it. It is one of the best directed by James Ivory and has a great cast, Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, James Fox, Chistopher Reeve and Hugh Grant, all of whom give outstanding performances. This movie was put together beautifully and shows the life of a person, Lord Darlington who is sympathetic to the Germans after WW1 for their bad treatment. It shows how naive he is in understanding the change happening in Europe and Germany, especially. It also shows how a number of people subscribe to his view and class distinctions then. The part where they discredit democracy by showing how little the butler knows of the world and yet he decides who should govern the country is nasty, but well done. Christopher Reeve does a good job of showing how they are amateur in their thinking and how politics must be left to professionals. James Fox does a good job as the Lord Darlington, who is simple minded, does mistakes and realizes later. Hugh Grant comes in an unusual role as his grandson and pointing out the problems in Germany. Though there is not much humor in the movie, the few pieces are well done.  Anthony Hopkins plays the role of the butler very well and deserves praise for being the person totally dedicated to his job and employer. This leads to his coldness and distant behavior. His first meeting with Emma Thompson, as Miss Kenton, is a special occasion and it shows how he is in love with her, but unable to show it for multiple reasons. Their relationship is very touching, both during the good and bad parts. It eventually leads them to separation. When she tries to reason with him on a number of occasions, he accepts her rationale at times and not at others. He is single minded in his dedication to his job, however distasteful it is, though she is more pragmatic and works with conscience. Between the two, they carry the movie through. It is not an easy story to be cast into a movie, but the two do an impressive job and must be congratulated for that. This is a movie of love that is not consummated and is wonderfully portrayed. It is one of the best Merchant-Ivory movies and should not be missed for the thoughtful direction, great acting and good screenplay. It is well directed with time change between 1930s and 1960s. The DVD transfer is also very good. The only complaint is that in the end when one can see the torture in the face of Stevens, it does not fully show the thoughts going on in him when he sees that he is losing Miss Kenton.
 Without creating an elite in the best-understood sense of the word, "The Remains of the Day divides film viewers into two categories -- one is of those who are left indifferent by it, those who miss full-swing action and find the film too long and too boring. The other group (myself including) find it delightful and powerful, in a very special understated way. Portraying a relationship of two people who sacrificed their lives to serving their lords, the basic story is enhanced by wonderful performances of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. These two splendid actors met once again under the direction of James Ivory after starring in the previous Merchant-Ivory production gem "Howards End".  The story takes place some years after the war, when the perfect butler from pre-war era, Mr. Stevens (Hopkins), drives the car to visit the Darlington Hall's former housekeeper Miss Kenton (Thompson). The film's substantial part takes place in this past, with the end section describing the reunion of the two, whose time for love, sadly, is long past. Yet Stevens embarks on this journey, a little too late for making up for what he missed, when he was such a great, dependable servant to Lord Darlington. Darlington is a character cleverly thought up by the original novel author Kazuo Ishiguro, in that he is an example of a politician going completely in a wrong direction -- the history and the present have plenty of suchlike ones. The film's main storyline is thus set in ominous undertones of pending World War II. Surging, restless score by Richard Robbins (not very good for listening on its own, without viewing) and beautiful cinematography help make the film what it is, a stunning work of art, but two main stars steal the show. You could say sometimes there is a lack of expression on the face of Stevens whatsoever and still it's a great acting. He just loses his temper once -- but Miss Kenton is not there to see it anymore. For that matter, Thompson's acting is, as always, equally superb -- her eyes and face speak volumes without words. Indeed, there is a lot of going on for a careful observer to see and digest in his/her mind while viewing this film. Subtly beautiful and ultimately quite sad, it leaves you with questioning your own priorities in life. If you haven't seen "The Remains of the Day yet and love films set in England ("Sense and Sensibility", "Gosford Park", "Howards End"), give yourself a treat a see it.
 Stevens the Butler (Anthony Hopkins)is master of Darlington Hall in Oxfordshire and of his own emotions ... until Miss Kenton (Emma Thompson) arrives to be the housekeeper. Although there is no overt sexual tension, they grow to love one another. In best British style, the emotions are suppressed for decades. Kazuo Ishiguro, a Brit with Japanese ancestory, acutely observed the British psyche in the novel. But Ruth Prawer Jhabvala's script for Merchant-Ivory is a rare case where the movie is better than the underlying book. She uses the technique of the epistolary novel (telling a story by letters between two people) and the carefully nuanced voice-overs by Hopkins and Thompson move the complex plot right along. If you can only picture "Sir Tony as Hannibal Lecter, you'll be convinced that he is a great actor by this performance in which he ages several decades. Emma Thompson responds with heavily banked fires. When Hopkins begins a speech, "I must say this, because we may never meet again, you'll feel the tears running down your cheeks. This is a movie to watch time and again.
 While we were watching this beautifully acted film,a fellow in front of us yelled out"KISS HER!!!"during a particularly gut-wrenching scene.The story line inspires such emotion,and Hopkins and Thompson are so exquisite in their roles,I understood the frustration felt by the movie-goer in front of us. There are two particular scenes with just the two of them that are almost hard to watch,as they are so raw in emotion..But if you are up to a different kind love story with unusual twists and turns,then this marvelous movie is for you.Hopkins is especially effective,and I feel he should have won the Best Actor award.
 "Remains of the Day is a classic film from the Merchant-Ivory team that lifted the English drama genre out of BBC and PBS obscurity. It works seemlessly and beautifully between past and present, and shows the depth of human emotion behind upper-crust gentility. Anthony Hopkins is superb as Stevens, the head butler to an English lord whose naive sympathy for the Nazis lead to his downfall. Emma Thompson plays the head housekeeper who joins the manor staff and tries to shake Hopkins out of his emotional and political complacency. The attraction between the two grows out of the tension between doing one's duty and honoring one's feelings. As Thompson's character grows more restless, Hopkins' grows ever more resistant to her overtures. One excellent scene, where she invades his dark study, shows how the butler's training and detachment struggle against a growing affection
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  Simply wonderful. Much is said about what people do, what is included, how much you're gonna get.  Sometimes, the key is what is NOT there.  In this case, the performances are not over the top.  They are intense, but in a subtle way; they're understated. My favorite scene is when Ms. Kenton (Thompson) wants to find out what Stevens (Hopkins) is reading on his day off.  The water comes to a boil in that scene but in a quiet, almost playful way. The irony of Stevens is that he seems to be in total control of himself, when the truth is he's really very highly influenced by others.  Kenton obviously pushes his buttons in more ways than one.  He's made to see the light by his nephew, played by Hugh Grant, tho he doens't let on.  Remains is definitely a great study in fully developed characters.  Stevens reminds me of my father and to a large degree myself.  He internalizes much, not wanting to really say what he feels deep down inside.  Ultimately it all comes out anyway.  The truth WILL set you free.
 When women talk to me about romance they usually mention a bunch of fantasy based bunk (in lieu of a more vulgar description).  What I would like to ask them is whether or not they have seen Remains of the Day.  This fine film is a beautiful yet tragic love story.  Unrequited love to the max.  What makes it particulary tragic is that a love so deeply felt by both parties had no legitimate reason to be denied.  The scene in Mr. Stevens' study where Miss Kenton inquiries about the book that Mr. Stevens is reading is... in my mind incredibly romantic.  Beautifully acted and flawlessly filmed especially in the way that the camera starts out at a distance and ever so slowly becomes a close up. At the core of this film is how adherence to tradition and certain principles although oft times admirable can certainly have tragic consequences. A film of the highest order.  Not to be missed.
 These characters are so incredibly  real... you've met them before... shy and reserved, but respectful and full of love in their hearts. One is brave enough to peek out of the veil of shyness but the other is not... locking  themselves away in lonlieness and isolation when they could have true  happiness. Hopkins is the head butler in a stately mansion where he is  the butler's butler. It is a job he takes more seriously than most  presidents have probably taken their jobs. He is the consumate professional  and expects the same from his fellow servants in the manor. Emma Thompson  is the head housekeeper who threatens to steal Hopkin's heart, if he'll  only let her. While there a couple of light-hearted moments to break the  tension, this isn't a  feel-good  film and definitely not a   pick-me-up  if you're depressed.  This is a superbly acted,  filmed and directed masterpiece of the cinema.  This is a must-see if you  like good film, a good story, great acting and characters you'll never  forget. The film will also make you look at yourself and recognize  opportunities lost.
 Before I say anything else about Remains of the Day, I have to comment on what struck me most about the film - how it is paced.  This might seem like a fairly unimportant attribute of a film, but in Remains of the Day, the  flow of the film borders on perfect.  The direction glides along  effortlessly, with excellent editing and camerawork to boot.  Not once did  I feel a scene lingered to long, or was cut short.  The movie's content  matters, too, of course, and it is wonderful.  Hopkins and Thompson are  fantastic, and their relationship is one of the most involving and  heartbreaking I've ever scene of film.  The subplot concerning James Fox's  character's flirtations with foreign policy in the darkest of times is also  fascinating, and Ivory does a great job of giving all of the those scenes  an eerily grand, yet hopeless atmosphere.  After the film was over, I was  left subdued and contemplative, and, even with all of the repressed  emotions and tragic choices that inhabited the landscape of the picture,  longed for the haunting world it portrayed.  I know I'm in the minority,  but I believe this film is superior to Schinder's List. It would have won  best picture in almost any other year.
 This is a seamless, beautifully shaped movie that grabs you from the moment it begins and holds you captivated to the end. Anthony Hopkins is wonderful as the repressed butler and Emma Thompson never better as the  housekeeper.  The tension between them is almost unbearable and no matter  how many times you see it, you still believe it's possible they might...  well, you'll have to see it. And if you can't, go one better and read the  book.
 This is a great movie, as most viewers agree. It is based on an equally great novel, by kazuo Ishiguro. I saw the movie when it first came out (back in the 90s,) and was really moved by it. A decade or so years later, last year, I read the novel, and thought the novel was just outstanding, a masterpiece of writing, impactful, delivering its goods in an airtight form, not a sentence too many or too few. Now, recently I watched the movie again, and saw so much more in it, mainly because of having read the novel. It is really a fine movie and a very good adaptation of the novel, without too much variance from the book. But the book is more centered on Mr. Stevens. The movie brings out more of the background material, which is marvelous, but at the expense of losing focus on Mr. Stevens, a little bit. An amazing piece of movie making. This movie is a work of art in its own right. Both are just great literature. Highly recommend.
 This is a wonderful film.  Hopkins performance is a study in measured, method acting..it's one of the best performances I have ever seen on film. The character is so structured and duty bound, he misses his one chance at happiness, it's tragic and heartbreaking.  The score is dead on and the movie perfectly captures the arrogance of the English aristocracy preceding World War II.  The movie shows the way the classes interacted, and for an American, like me, this is fascinating..and so foreign.  This DVD has some nice extra's especially the deleted scenes.  This is my personal favorite of the great Merchant-Ivory collaboration, though Howards End and Room With a View are great as well.
 I've finally bought this film on DVD and after only my second second viewing, the first being back in '94 on video, this film still captures a period in England before the second World War when nobles propped up their idiocy by assuming they knew what was best for all. Their deeds were their much welcomed downfall. It's sometimes too easy to sympathize with them and their glorious lives with the best of food, lodging, decor and other trappings and traditions laced with refinement, but their need to retain it by working in misguided and criminal collusion with the Nazis was deplorable. To be fair few of the countries dragged into the war acted with any sense of real responsibility. Germany's war debt for their part in the WWI was absurdly high, impossible for them to pay. Many would argue that so I'll move on. The way this film exudes with that sense of inevitable transition even in the cloistered and sheltered halls of the Darlington estate is the true charm of this film. Anthony Hopkin's portrayal of the professionally restrained gentleman's gentleman is the perfect study of how driven ideals will bring about the worst results for that individual. He's glib, petty, and at times seemingly heartless, that is, until you see him use some odd but small tic when you realize there's a man under that granite resolve. Even his seemingly trite denial and glib attitude toward some of the other servants is exposed as a defense mechanism. He even exposes himself in some moments when he clearly has not considered the best course of action to take like his initial reaction to his father's grave situation and that moment in his quarters with the persistent Miss Kenton (played incredibly by Emma Thompson) wanting to know what he's reading. That moment is so tense with promise, with hope that his armor will fall, but he plays it too coy, too masterfully as if to shame her even while regretting it, and yet not acknowledging it. He draws her in on purpose only to allow the moment's promise to fail him. That scene always makes me want to rattle his cage. I could go on but all I want to say is everyone in this film delivers better than just fine performances. It's history and drama at it's best. As Mr. Steven's life unfolds, so do the small chinks in his armor. They may never become large, life changing kinks, but they are there and for anyone watching closely enough they reveal a man very much straining to hold himself together for reasons no longer clear even to him.
 Epic DVD with a lot of actors and filmmakers at the top of their games here. Who would have thought one of the greatest films ever made would center around a butler? Mr. Belvedere had a pretty good run at it on the television so I guess it's not too much of a stretch but I am astonished by how great this film is and by how much it continues to grow on me. By the time I am a 90-year-old I think this will still be a film that will feel relevant to me. Also check out Guy Ritchie's more recent film Rock 'N Rolla for a nice little nod to this film (there's a guy watching it in his SUV during a scene). Don't miss this one though.
 The book and this movie are complimentary.  Anthony Hopkins nailed the part, as did Emma Thompson.  However, it is Hopkins character that is the lead and from whose vantage point the story in told.  Check my review of the book by the same name to find out more details as to the story line.  Get both the book and the movie.  Watch the movie first and then read the book.  The book is narrative and having Hopkins voice in your mind while you read enhances the enjoyment.
 You can pretty much copy and paste my review for `Howards End' here and call it a day since my feelings for both films is pretty much identical.  Both films possess this air of elegance that just engulfs every scene and creates this strength and profound character.  I may prefer this film `slightly' but really, both films are just utterly brilliant, and effortlessly so.  I think that is what is so spellbinding about these two movies, they are effortless.  There is no sign of overreaching or forced gracefulness.  Every single frame floats by with a restrained tension that just uplifts the entire film and delivers a beautiful piece of art to our eyes and ears, and most importantly, our hearts.  Consider this film perfection.  The story told here is of a butler and housekeeper in England as World War II is looming over the shoulders of everyone around.  The film is basically a brooding study of human loyalties and the longing for a feeling of accomplishment.  Stevens, the butler, is a man filled with repressed emotions because of his determination to do his job perfectly.  He restricts himself, making many sacrifices in order to hold onto the feeling of control and pride.  It's not a selfish or a detrimental pride (at least not detrimental in the usual sense) but a pride that comes from being able to say you have done something to the best of your ability.  His relationship with the headstrong and rather liberal Miss Kenton tests his viewpoint and his methods.  Draped in luscious scenery and woven tightly into a profound and provocative storyline, `The Remains of the Day' will remain in your soul.  It lingers.  The film is propelled marvelously by the two leads, Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  Hopkins in particular is just brilliant here, showcasing his characters inner emotional frustration as he makes himself the proper representation of loyal service.  It's a gargantuan on a performance, a pure tour-de-force that had no business losing the Oscar to Tom Hanks' hammy gimmick in `Philadelphia'.  In fact, if it wasn't for Russell Crowe delivering one of the most fearlessly committed performances I've ever seen in `Romper Stomper', I'd give Hopkins my personal award for this.  Thompson matches him with so much heart, warmth and spirit.  I struggle with category placement with her (she totally supports him, but she needs no support herself) but either way, she is sublime.  They really NEED to do another movie together!  If you haven't had the pleasure of seeing this (or the splendid `Howards End') I highly, HIGHLY recommend you seek them out this instant.  They are beautiful films that match their internal composition with richly organic performances and sumptuous scenery that just begs to be seen and worshiped.  These are better than modern masterpieces, they are modern miracles!
 The beauty of Remains of the Day can not be overstated. The photography and art direction were superb in every way. The camera is usually at eye level in most shots, giving the film some intimacy within a great beautiful country home.  The film is based on the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro, a talented master of the understated and unsaid. Anthony Hopkins plays his best role in this film because so much of the acting depends on what is controlled and not said, yet conveyed through subtle movements of the eye or shoulders or head. Hopkins plays Mr. Stevens, the head butler of a large wealthy country estate in rural England. He is the model of organization and forethought. Yet in this job he is so focused on this duty that he ignores the forces around him that call him into participation in the human experience. Notice Mr. Steven's reactions when he hears of the death of his father. Notice Mr. Steven's reactions when an upper class diplomat asks him esoteric foreign policy questions to demonstrate that the lower classes do not understand diplomacy.  A third amazing example of perfectly controlled acting is when Miss Kenton, the housekeeper, tells Mr. Stevens that she and her new boyfriend make jokes about how he sprinkles pepper on his food. In all these examples Hopkins shows us how deeply repressed emotion still reveals itself even when no overt emotion is demonstrated.  Into this world of rigid control, his employer hires a new housekeeper, Miss Kenton, played to perfection by Emma Thompson. The film is a rare treat in that two of the most talented artists of the acting arts are paired together in a range of situations and emotional responses. Miss Kenton and Mr. Stevens have a range of struggles and power fights as they get to know each other, but eventually they warm to each other and Miss Kenton begins to try to break the icy veneer of professionalism and emotional distance that cover Mr. Stevens. She tries but his reluctance to engage at an intimate and emotional level stop the relationship/friendship from growing or moving forward.  In contrast to the slow moving sterile relationship of Mr. Stevens and Miss Kenton, Charlie the head footman, and Abigail, a housemaid, have fallen passionately in love with each other and plan to marry even though they have no resources or prospects other than their love. Emma Thompson tries to council Abigail but realizes that in some ways Abigail and Charlie are right. Charlie is well played by Ben Chaplin and Abigail is played well by Abigail Hopkins.  It is not only his personal life where Mr. Stevens coolly represses vital signs. His employer, Lord Darlington, played well by James Fox, is a German sympathizer who feels that the Treaty of Versailles conditions were unfair to Germany and set Germany up for political turmoil. He continues to be a German apologist for the 10 years leading up to the war, connecting Germans with German sympathizers. Lord Darlington's godson, played by Hugh Grant, is a young reporter who is able to penetrate the work of the upper class British aristocrats who were German sympathizers. Gradually, and carefully, the film takes the viewer from the point where we understand and sympathize with Lord Darlington's concern for Germany to the point where the Nazi dominance makes support impossible for any sensible thoughtful person. The sympathizers remain sympathetic too long and thus border on treason and infamy. In the early stages of this process, Congressman Lewis from the USA, played by Christopher Reeve, participates in early discussions around diplomatic relationships with Germany but warns the English gentlemen that they were playing a diplomatic game best played by professional diplomats.  Mr. Stevens represses his own emotions and his own critical judgment too long and too much, thus leaving us with a sad conclusion to a life not fully lived. The film captures the complexity of a life unlived, a rare feat.
 I won't try to ring any novel changes on the extravagant praise and clever insights that a multitude of other reviewers have expressed over this wonderful movie.  I'll just say - flat out - that this is one of the saddest, most bittersweet films ever made - and likely the best-ever portrayal of the sorrows of "what might have been.  Been there. Done that.
 Yes, there remained a day to spend together after 20 years for neither of Miss Kenton nor Mr. Stevens could tell the love they felt for each other openly those many years ago. They could not tell it then and it was already late to do so when they met the one last time. One gets the feeling that they would have had a happier life if they have done so when what prevented them at the time was a deep love for his work on Mr Steven's behalf and maybe a womanly pride on Miss Kenton's behalf. Maybe also her love for her work. I felt she was maybe getting revenge while marrying another man in front of the eyes of the man she loves, or urging Mr. Stevens to open his feelings. She might have felt an urge to get married as well. I think this is a story of how people can sacrifice their love for other things they find pride in. Regardless of this is right or wrong, I wish I could have seen them happier by the end of the movie...
 Z hayes "myrradine below kind of nailed the coffin shut on reviews for this tremendous work of exceptional purity. I HIGHLY disagree with anyone that thinks the screenplay was not keeping true to the book. In fact, as "myrradine states below, it's even better than the original work. I concur.  This truly shows what one can masterfully do with a book. Take an exceptional director like Merchant Ivory, with the "raw talent of Hopkins and the exceptional pure realism of someone like gorgeous Emma Thompson, and you have what movie making should be about
 Have just become a fan of Merchant Ivory films and think this must be their best.  Excellent performances by everyone in the film, excellent cinema photography, excellent screenplay.  Have been watching it over and over and over and still am not bored.
 Kazuo Ishiguro's The Remains of the Day was a masterpiece, and yet this movie adaptation is not only faithful to the novel, but in my opinion outshines the book. One reason is the excellent casting. Sir Anthony Hopkins plays the by-the-book butler whose icy demeanor actually belies a fondness and even love for his efficient and charming housekeeper, played excellently by Emma Thompson. His insistence on decorum and adherence to the politics of the houselhold cause him to refrain from ever proclaiming his true feelings for his housekeeper, and so also goes his chance of personal happiness. Fast forward years later, and the aging Hopkins now has a new master, an American [played by Christopher Reeve]...he has the opportunity of engaging a new housekeeper, and thinks of his old housekeeper...but things are not as easy as he believes...and whether he gets to rectify his past mistakes makes up the rest of the story. A well-told tale of love lost, and also a good movie that provides a glimpse of politics in England during a time when Germany was rising in power.
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson give wonderful performances deep with conviction and stoic realism of repressed emotions. At times this film is heartbreakingly difficult to watch. You can only anticipate how the characters would interact and react from the viewer's perspective and wish fulfillment. At times this is a frustrating film to watch. However, our place in life is sometimes predestined. There is a cruel and bitter lesson to be learned or perhaps unlearned here.
 "Remains of the Day is perhaps the quintessential Merchant-Ivory production.  Their films are models of British gentility - period pictures with handsome actors wearing tuxedoes in elaborate mansions.  With Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson reunited (after the fine "Howard's End") and a fine supporting cast including James Fox, Hugh Grant and Christopher Reeve, "Remains of the Day SHOULD be something special, and it is.  Hopkins plays Stevens, the head Butler of Darlington Manor, and a household so large that it employs a small army of cooks, footmen, under butlers and other servants.  Early in the film he hires Thompson's Miss Kenton as head housekeeper.  Stevens and Miss Kenton are consummate professionals - always on time, always reliable, and they lead the house staff keeping Darlington Manor looking like a museum.   But Darlington Manor is not a museum.  It is the home of Lord Darlington, an English gentleman who saw German friends suffer and lose their shirt because of harsh penalties imposed on Germany after the First World War.  Lord Darlington is determined as a man of honor to see that Germany gets a fair shake in rebuilding their country, even as the specter of Hitler grows and threatens the remainder of Europe.   The film elegantly portrays the parallel tragedies of Lord Darlington and his blindly loyal butler.  In retrospect it is easy to see how flawed Lord Darlington was to support Germany without question.  It is more difficult to fully appreciate Stevens' tragedies - first in loyally supporting Lord Darlington while he misguidedly directed England towards German acceptance, and secondly in placing all of his private life behind his devotion to duty.   Stevens and Miss Kenton meet and maneuver and pirouette through Darlington Manor, each becoming more attracted to the other in their own way.  But while Miss Kenton is a kind-hearted woman eager to love and be loved, Stevens has let his professional ability to "not get involved spill over to his personal life.  Despite his wishes and his repressed yet obvious affection for Miss Kenton, he maintains a respectful distance, resulting in his cruelest tragedy of all - breaking Miss Kenton's heart and, due to his inaction, his own.   "Remains of the Day is a movie set before and after World War II, but it is not a "War picture.  It is a movie to be appreciated by those who would be as interested in the back-door meetings of diplomats and ambassadors as in the soldier in the trenches.  Perhaps in that way it would be a perfect compliment to a film such as "Saving Private Ryan".   For fans of Sir Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson or Merchant-Ivory films, I can't recommend it more highly.
 This is a film that is as simple or complex as you want it to be.  It's also, for what it's worth, my favourite movie.  Top of the list. Watch it for the delicious, charged, complicated love story between butler and housekeeper.  Or watch for the incredible detail in recreating an era long gone.  Watch for a reminder of the political ambiguities during the lead-up to the Second World War, or its startlingly thought-provoking study of the British class system. Just, for Pete's sake ... watch it. Anthony Hopkins is at the top of his game as James Stevens, the devoted butler to Lord Darlington.  Emma Thompson, accordingly, raises her own game and turns in a fabulous performance as Miss Kenton, the housekeeper.  The two of them together are quite brilliant; volatile, incendiary, heart-breaking. As the author of the novel from which this screenplay was adapted, Kazuo Ishiguro, observes during an interview on the DVD extras
 One of my all time favorite films is THE REMAINS OF THE DAY. It is the perfect love story in which two individuals are not able to truly express their feelings for each other and both end up frustrated and haunted by what could have been. The DVD is full of special features. One of these features was three deleted scenes. Although the scenes were good, I would have liked to have seen more. I suppose this desire is based on some sort of hope that some alternate ending scenes were filmed that show the two characters expressing their emotions and acting on what they really feel. In addition to the deleted scenes are some wonderful  behind the scenes featurettes  or  making of documentaries  in which many of the principal people involved in the film discuss the filming and the story. These include those behind the camera as well as the actors and writer of the book on which the film was based. One great part of the DVD is the commentary provided by the Merchant Ivory team of two who made the film as well as Emma Thompson who starred as the female lead, Miss Kenton. They talk throughtout the film and are very interesting in their comments. One person who is missed in a big way on the commentary is Anthony Hopkins who starred as the male lead, Mr. Stephens. One interesting comment was made on the commentary about a Columbia executive who saw the film before its release. When he saw the ending of the film and realized that the two would not be confessing and acting on their love, he commented about the millions of dollars that would be lost in the theaters. I have to say that I agree. Although the movie is wonderful and is about missed opportunity and consequences of the wrong choices in life, the film would have been a wonderful love story had the two characters realized and acted on their emotions. What a love story that would have been. It is too bad no alternate ending was ever available. One interesting thing mentioned by Emma Thompson on the commentary was that she kept a diary during the filming. Wouldn't that be an interesting read? Its publication would have made a wonderful companion piece to the DVD. Hopefully, we will see Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson work together again in the future. It has been a long time since their collaboration on HOWARD'S END and THE REMAINS OF THE DAY. If you want to see Anthony Hopkins in a love story with a like theme, check out SHADOWLANDS. It also stars Debra Winger and is a great story of repressed love and emotions. Only in that film, feelings are expressed and realized and the film is based on a true story.
 With brilliant actors, a truly genius director and breathtaking scenery,  Remains of the Day  does not disappoint. A wonderful, if not so very sad story shines in this movie and is not butchered by this piece. But with all the sadness in the storyline, the movie is able to entertain you without leaving you reaching for Prozac. Understated and dark, one of the biggest surprises was not the deep feeling of the piece, but the sparkling gems of humor dispersed in the film. This movie made me laugh out loud, but more often it made me cry at the bitterness of this story's message. In this bittersweet love story, Hopkins flawlessly portrays a butler who is so out of touch with life that he lets the love of his life slip through his fingers. His performance was so breathtaking, as was Thompson's performance. I recommend this movie to any admirer of either actor, or of the director's flawless and (often depressing) style and genius. If you do not want to see a real think-piece that will made you cry at its sheer beauty and devastating truth, don't bother with  Remains of the Day.  But if you enjoy dark pieces full of artistic merit look into this film, which is genuinely worthy of being in the same class as  Howard's End  and  Wings of the Dove. 
 If you're sick of Hollywood's pathetic excuses for love stories, then this film is for you. First of all, the actors.  Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that is just so unbelievably real that you completely connect with his character from the beginning, even though you're simply yelling at him the whole time.  Emma Thompson, not only the most gorgeous actress alive (save Robia LaMorte), but her subtle gestures and soft yet strong tone intrigues the viewer into falling in love with her character.  No other actors could have pulled off these roles.  The supporting cast also does a terrific job
 An extraordinary film, The Remains of the Day, brings to the screen the story of an English butler, during the interwar period (and after), whose loyalty, devotion and integrity surpass all known human limitations.  It is a film about human relations, love, hope and inner strength, but most importantly about honor, duty, and loyalty; qualities that sadly seem to have vanished from every day life.  Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeves, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again!  The setting, the plot, the dialogues and the music are all wonderful!  In short, The Remains of the Day is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!
 Fast delivery. Loved this movie. Not Anthony Hopkins usual role but he did an excellent job. He is an amazing actor. A movie you could see more than once.
 When I first read the public library's copy of the book, I was amazed by the matter-of-fact prose about an English butler that developed into one of the most touching, hauntingly beautiful love stories I've ever read and right away I bought one for my personal collection, normally composed of poetry and crime novels! 20 years later, when re-reading my book, I wondered whether it might have been turned into a movie -checked Amazon.com - and now I'm the happy owner of this masterpiece transformed into an equally beautiful DVD starring Anthony Hopkins, versatile enough to handle the role of a butler in the home of one of the principals in UK government during the times heading into World War I.
 There is just something about this movie.  It is one that you either love or hate, be bored with or sucked in by, one that will make you think about it and the feeling you're left with long after it's over or one you'll never remembering seeing.  For me, it was all the best things.  It's a movie that those of us who have reached a certain age can truly sympathize with on a gut level ..how many of us grow older and often think about missed opportunities, realizing one day that all the chances of fulfilling the dreams you had as girl (or boy) have long passed and are never coming true...and that even second chances don't always pan out the way we want them too...  Herein lies the cruel fate of our heroine, Ms. Kenton.  The movie for me, as a woman, is about Ms. Kenton and the choices she made, along with the ones she didn't, but perhaps should have.  As you travel through the movie, you are hopeful that Stevens has realized what he lost and is willing to step out of his comfort zone and crippling fear to finally live his life and confess his love for Ms. Kenton when they meet again.  But Stevens is so far gone that he can only imagine his life with ms. Kenton if she is back under the roof of Darlington Hall, where the salvation of safety and security lie.  But due to recent circumstances, this cannot be, and so he retreats back into his solitary world leaving Ms. Kenton alone once again.  There are 2 last scenes for me in this movie.  The first,  Ms. Kenton crying as the bus pulls away from Stevens, taking with it all her unfulfilled dreams.  And then there are the last moments of the film.  And it is here I go back to my opening paragraph about how you will either get this movie or you won't.  The Trapped Pigeon For me, it represented all who came and went through doors of Darlington Hall. In the end, Stevens helps push the bird out of the house, aiding in it's escape, something he was never able to do for himself.  But Ms. Kenton escaped -  a scary and uncertain flight it was,  but one that is necessary in life.  True, the risk pays off for some and not for others, but we can't just stand still; we have to move on, even though we may not end up in the place we had wished for in the dreams of our youth.
 this justifiably lauded trio of writer RUTH PRAWER JHABVALA , director JAMES IVORY and producer ISMAIL MERCHANT were a remarkable collabrative team . others here have done an extremely good job of explaining this magnificent film and its' many insights , observations and meaning . the gifted ensemble of actors does the equally remarkable feat of breathing life into this outstanding material . nothing left to do but add my vote and direct you to "HOWARD'S END for more of the same . brilliant and stunning as great literature .
 Remains of the Day is a exquisitely enlightening film of love and hate.  It abounds in subtle, muted, deep emotions.  Both Anthony Hopkins as Stevens, a repressed English Butler, and Emma Thompson, Miss Kenton, his spirited housekeeper, do outstanding acting performances.  The film is set in the 1930's - just before World War II, on a big English Estate, with many servants.  Lord Darlington (James Fox) is the Estate Owner, who has attached himself to the Nazi cause.  Stevens is his loyal, unwavering Butler who micro-manages, as well as lives to be a slave to his Lord Darlington. Mr Stevens noted, "A man cannot call himself work contented, until he has done all he can, to be of service to his employer.  Mr. Stevens anticipates every need and task.  The estate runs flawlessly.  When hiring Miss Kenton as head housekeeper, Stevens emphasizes that he wants no "romantic interests as it detracts from the service to the well-run estate.  He will not stand for that in her or her underlings.  She agrees.  Despite this, a deep unrequited love, respect and bond develop between her and Stevens.  He hires his failing and aging father at the same time.  Miss Kenton notes the deterioration of his father over a bit of time and makes Stevens face the facts to avoid any future embarrassment.  There is a moment his father falls - and starts to fail rapidly.  There is an important political meeting at the estate, so Stevens must oversee.  His father is dying upstairs.  Miss Kenton attends to his father, and gives him the news his father passed away.  She asks if he would like her to shut his eyes, until Stevens can leave his duties to see his father for the last time.  She does and takes care of details.  Hugh Grant and Christopher Reeve are also in this movie as voices hoping to open the eyes of Lord Darlington.  They want him to see his mistake in being loyal to the Nazis and the risks and problems involved.  Stevens does not get involved, his allegiance is to the smooth running of the household.  He sees nor hears anything - nor does he repeat anything that would convey disloyalty to his employer.  At one point he has a chance to leave the box he is in.  Miss Kenton gives him the opportunity to profess his feelings, but he is unwavering in his duty to the service of the estate.  Stevens makes his decision to stay and keep his life as it is, even though he loves her.  She leaves and marries another man.  Time passes and they reunite for a few hours.  The poignant ending shows deep unfulfilled love.  So heartbreaking.
 The Remains of the Day is in my view one of the best films of my lifetime. Anthony Hopkins gives, in my view his best performance (and that's really saying something!). His portrayl of Stevens, the butler of Darlington Hall is just perfect. Of course Emma Thompson's character Miss. Kenton, the unwedded and very available housekeeper make Remains a very interesting watch. The film is really about lost oppertunity, and unfortunately we find that some oppertunities, for love in this case, are truely lost...forever.    The story takes place in 1936,7, and 8 England. Lord darlington, played perfectly by renound british actor James Fox, is part of the group of Englishmen who want to appease Hitler in order to stay out of war. In one scene we see the good lord entertaining PM Nevelle Chamberlin, the head of the appeasement crowd. Darlington also entertains the German ambassator and others to show their support for the new "peaceful Germany. At one point, there is a international conferance where the reps of the other european countries pledge their support of german rearmiment. The only one there who sees thru the german's smiles and pleasentries is congressman Lewis, played by Christopher Reed. His line"...some prices are too high to pay... concerning Germany's requests is great.    All the while there is the interaction between Hopkins and Thompson. She practically throws herself at him (in a very suttle English way), and he's too formal and tied up with his work as the butler to take any action in regards to  Thompson. There's even a point where she tells him that she is marrying another man and asks for an early release from her job. Here we see Stevens holding back his sorrow as he congratulates Miss. Kenton on her engagement. The viewer knows Stevens wants to tell her he loves her, but he restrains himself and walks away. The viewer also knows that it would take just one word from Stevens and Miss Kenton would run into his arms. Frustrating.   The years go by, Darlington dies a sad, lonely death, and Mr. Lewis buys Darlington Hall and keeps Stevens on as the head butler. We also see Stevens going to the 'west country' to see Miss Kenton (now Mrs. Benn) in answer to a letter he received from her regarding her failed marriage and wanting to return to service. When they meet again Stevens finds that things have changed . Mrs. Benn's daughter is expecting and she wants to stay near her and the baby, dashing any hopes Stevens might have had about her returning to Darlington Hall with him.   The afternoon is spent with lunch and a stroll thru the town to the boardwalk along the bay. Here they just talk as friends about their lives and it's disappointments without ever revieling their love for one another. Their parting scene is a tear jerker. It takes place is a downpour, (which I just love), at a bus stop very late in the evening. She thanks him for coming up and seeing her. He turns to her and tells her that they may never meet again, and that she should make these remaining years happy ones for her and her daughter. He also apologizes for his 'forwardness' in his remarks. She smiles and shakes her head 'yes'. The bus comes and he walks her to it. They shake hands as she mounts the open doored bus and she says that it was so nice to see him again. As the bus pulls away their hands part. The camera focuses on this hand shake and we see that Stevens has kept his hand extended after the bus has separated them forever. He tips his hat and tells a crying Emma Thompson 'goodbye'. We see Thompson continuing to look towards Hopkins thru the dark, and still crying as the bus rounds the bend. Hopkins returns to his car and just stares into the night. We know at this point he truely realizes his terrible loss.....and we feel for him. Truely tragic......as in real life.   Hopkins returns to Darlington hall and lives out the remainder of his life there. Do they ever meet again? I think not. That would be too fairy tale. The oppertunity was lost and it was lost forever. This film forces us to examine ourselves and perhaps take the steps NOW so we don't follow Steven's path.   A superb film in every way. Buy it. You won't regret it.
 I had seen this movie once a long time ago, it seems, and had some warm memories of the movie. I decided on impulse to add it to my collection and looked forward to seeing it again. Well I was not disappointed; the performances by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson alone make watching the movie worthwhile.  Both characters come across as sympathetic and compelling; one feels a compassionate concern for the internal struggles experienced by James Stevens as he tries to live up to his goal of perfection. The doubt and confusion he feels as his pride and confidence in Lord Darlington is shattered; his decidedly mixed emotions as he contemplates his growing love for Mary Kenton, the Emma Thompson character. Mary, on the other hand is better prepared to face up to her feelings for James; although she realizes that she must proceed with caution. When her overtures are rebuffed, she must then decide how to deal with the rest of her life; her decisions lead her down a path with results that are not what she hoped for.  The movie is touching and gives interesting insights into the situation in England just before WW II. A worthy addition to anyone's library that appreciates good acting.
 Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson are both superb in this period piece. My favorite Hopkins movie
 Housekeeper Mr. James Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) and Miss Sally Kenton (Emma Thompson) is not displaying their emotion. Stevens didn't show out his emotion not only because of being a housekeeper, but also he is not willing to show his emotion. In this situation the writer of Kazuo Ishiguro also lines and words. More over the director James Ivory also use a good actor Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. They use body movement and face to make a lot of sense.   Stevens' love for Miss Kenton remains unanswered and he denies having any feelings for Miss Kenton right till the end. The unbelievable emotional poise and dignity that Stevens displays, makes his declaration of sorrow at the end that much powerful. Stevens is a person given to major understatements, and it is this very fact that makes us fell so sad for him. Ishiguro conveys Stevens' love for Miss Kenton through clever means such as Stevens' re-reading the letter that she writes. Miss Kenton tells him that her husband has died and she wishes to return to service at Darlington Hall. He reads the letter, and keeps reminiscing about the "perfect way Miss Kenton carried out her duties". Even in his reminiscences, Stevens's talks about her work, never talk about her. Because he don't want to show out his emotion until he die. He wants to keep it for the sake of duty, for the sake of living up to the standards of being perfect butler for his whole life. He wants to be a professional butler.  This is a good film and very complex book because they show it out the Steven's life if he wants to be a professional butler he cannot take two things at the same time, should release one thing". That is why he gives up showing his emotion to Miss Kenton choosing his professional butler life. It has to be one of the best books I have ever read.
 The remains of the day happen in 1958 with the main characters are Mr. Steven, played by Anthony Hopkins and Ms Kenton, played by Emma Thompson. This movie is about sentiment, loyal, sacrifice....  Because of being perfect butler, Steven almost lost his life, family sentiment. One of the film's scenes comes when Steven's father, who is working in Darlington Hall, is dying, but Steven still wants to serve the international party. Steven blinds all the aspects of life to be a perfect butler. Moreover, Steven loves Miss Kenton so much but he did not express his feeling at all. Even Miss Kenton shows her love and gives him many chances, Steven tries to ignore them and pretend, as he does not know anything. For his job, Miss Kenton is just a second choice. He can exchange everything in life to be a good servant.  Anthony Hopkins played an excellent actor; the way he expressed is perfect. His face shows many meanings in several hard situations. In the scene at the end of the film, when Steven looked out from the window and saw the dove flying up in the sky, I think he compared himself to the free dove and he seems to realize that he got nothing finally. This scene is so meaningful and I really like it.  Watching this movie, I not only enjoy the story of Steven but also the beauty of England. Many sights in the film are so beautiful and wonderful. The building is so ancient and I discover the way people wear in that time. They wear very formally even the servants.
 This is not a fast-paced, action-packed, Hollywood kind of movie. It's more akin to reading a book than watching a film. That is not to say that this is at all dull or boring.  Remains of the day is a lovely, and even tragic at times, movie about love and the more sweeping themes of life and death, among the reserved and proper English class of housemaids, butlers,and the multitudes of servants employed by large country houses in the early half of the 20th Century. The story revolves around Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson as the heads of their respective sexes in the household and the deep affection they have for one another, but that Hopkins cannot exhibit. Thomspon's character is outgoing and a bit too modern for Hopkin's somber and traditional disposition.  The story tells of their meeting, and then follows an older  Hopkins as he remembers his younger days and Thompson, as he travels to see her one last time.
 I remember seeing this film and it was, at first, tough to get into (admittedly, I hadn't read the book beforehand).  After I saw it a couple of times it became better for me.   Anthony Hopkins is wonderful as Stevens, the butler.  He's  all business and no emotion  and you can see that he found life easier that way.  Enter Miss Kenton.  Immediately, Stevens is drawn to her but refuses to acknowledge it.  It is apparent onscreen that the romantic feelings are mutual, but neither acknowledge it...though it is all in the eye contact.  My favorite scene is in the study where Stevens is reading a romance book and Miss Kenton tries to see exactly what's in it.  Stevens just stares at her with amusement and adoration, making the viewer melt just watching them.   Hopkins and Thompson have excellent chemistry in this movie.  This movie is a must for all Hopkins &amp; Thompson fans!
 If there is a movie that allows Anthony Hopkins's considerable skills as an actor shine, it is Remains Of The Day. His portrayal of a butler commands respect for a profession that has frequently been portrayed in a semi comical and an inconsequential manner. Butlers in Hollywood films are either shallow beings or criminals in a murder mystery
 the mickey rourke that im used to showed up big time.i am always psyched to see films by mr parker(he is the rational mans david lynch).but when i saw mickeys name,i was kinda iffy.but i should have known he would have excelled in this type of role.and as the movie played out,he was the only one that made sense.this is a magnificent supernatural thriller,truely original,and i found not 1 minute of wasted time.this movie stayed on course.sometimes you get a movie/film with a great premise but implodes 1/2 way through,or has some corny ending that kills the rest of the movie/film.not here.and not with these actors/actresses(miss bonet ALMOST ruined it).heres the plot;harry angel(rourke)is a private eye who is called on to find a missing person.the problem is that the person isnt quite missing.his employer,mr cyphere(de niro)needs to clear up a debt that johnny favorite(missing person)owes.its basically that simple.but while finding clues to johnny's whereabouts,harry becomes more and more embroiled in the world of voodoo and murder.is he being set up?is there even a missing person?each clue seems to drag harry deeper into the abyss.this was one of my 1st DVDs purchased and i would strongly urge everyone to have this in their collection.
 I think one of the best film in the last 20 years.the class of De Niro and style of Rourke are here nothing in regard to the story.The end of the film is so incredible that I still remember my astonished face.
 One of the forgotten gems of the 1980s', "Angel Heart attracted a great deal of controversy due to its violence and sexual contebt (mostly because it involved a squeaky clean Cosby kid). 23 years later, the film remains a stylish, tightly scripted and marvellously acted combo of horror and neo-noir.  Mickey Rourke gives the most layered and dynamic performance of his career as Harold Angel, a sleazy Brooklyn private eye hired by the mysterious Louis Cyphre (a creepy, bearded Robert DeNiro) to find Johnny Favorite, a famous 1940s' crooner who mysteriously dissapeared some time ago. Apparently, Favorite backed out on a business deal with Cyphre, and Cyphre is intent on getting back what is his.  What starts out as a routine 'missing persons' case becomes a more sordid, darker affair. Those involved in Favorite's disappearance seemingly wind up dead not long after Angel interviews them. Things take a turn for the worse when Angel ventures out to New Orleans, where he encounters a voodoo preistess (Lisa Bonet) whose mother had a romantic liason with Favorite. As bodies continue to pile up and Angel becomes increasingly implicated in their murders, the truth about Favorite and Cyphre is revealed in a devasating and unpredixtable climax - one that does not bode well for Angel.  As stated earlier. "Angel Heart is a dynamite movie. What could've been a messy attempt at combining genres works flawlessly thanks to a solid script. Rourke gives an Oscar worthy performance. He appears in every scene and is dynamite from start to finish, perfectly showcasing the evolution of Angel from confident, streetwise detective to a frightened novice in way over his head. DeNiro gives one of his most underrated performances as Louis Cyphre, and Bonet proves to be a surprisingly adept romantic interest.  Alan Parker does an amazing job as director, with lush cinematography that makes the grimy streets of Brooklyn and the dark, dank swamps of New Orleans come alive, allowing them to add as much to the development of the story as the three leads.  "Angel Heart is a chilling supernatural thriller, and a high water mark for all those involved in its prosuction.
 Movie had me on the edge of my seat.  The twist at the end was amazing.
  Angel Heart is a truly terrifying and suspenseful murder/mystery film set in the 1940's. Harry Angel ( Mickey Rourke) is a private investigator about to go on a job that will bring him to the edge of insanity. He is approached by a mysterious and evil looking man named Louis Cyphre ( Robert De Niro). Apparantly a singer named Johnny Favorite has something of his, and he wants him tracked down. Harry agrees to take the case but has no idea what he is getting himself into. The case leads from the streets of New York to the swamps of the Louisana Bayou. Frustrated and running low on clues, he runs into Epiphany Proudfoot ( Lisa Bonet) who is a high voodoo priestess. She introduces Harry to the dark and mysterious world of voodoo. As the two get closer, so does Harry to the truth of where Johnny is, and who he really is. But the truth that Harry is looking for, could be too much for him to handle...  "Angel Heart is an outstanding mystery film that provides for endless amounts of terror and suspense. You will be on the edge of your seat while watching this film. The script is great and provides for awesome dialogue and tons of twists and turns. The ending is shocking, and will force you to pick your jaw up off the floor. The background, set pieces, and costume designs really give the film its sense of authenticity. It is a shame that not more people know about this film, because it is truly one of the most original and frightening horror films available.  The performances are outstanding. Mickey Rourke does the best job with Harry Angel. We see Harry go from confident P.I. on a routine missing persons, to a paranoid and frightened man on the brink of losing his mind. It is great to watch as the case becomes more personal, and becomes less random. Lisa Bonet prooves that she can do more than be one of the Cosby's. She is extremely sexy and does a great job with the role. The infamous love scene between Harry and her may shock you. Robert De Niro's Louis Cyphre is extremely powerful and scary for the limited amount of screen time he has. Before the film ends, you will probably be able to guess his true identity, but you are still shocked and scared when you finally find out. Charloette Rampling is great as Margaret Krusemark. She plays a fortune teller who is into black magic and helps Harry on the case. Watching her go from a sweet woman, to the evil witch she really is well freak you out!  Overall, Angel Heart is truly a great horror film. The mystery is well done and hides the truth very well. The ending is one of the most shocking I have ever seen. The story itself offers endless amounts of terror and nail biting suspense. The actors are all great. This is deffinately a must see movie that you will enjoy. The DVD is great because it has a featurette that shows the making of the film.
 AngelHeart is one of my favorite movies of all time and stars 2 of my favorite actors Robert DeNiro who plays a perfect devil, and Mickey Rourke who plays his role perfectly as well. Note
 ...what price fame, glory, and that one great moment in time? (A hit record?) Subtexted to the story line is how rock n roll music was created... ..reminds me of what some of these young artists have done to  get a record deal to  blow up , as it were. Just kidding, just  kidding. Love Lisa Bonet as Epiphany, not cause of her being nekkid, but  she was weird and mystical. Always love anything Orleans.
 This movie is one of my overall best movies to watch!  It's a gritty mystery with a touch of evil that will keep you holding on to your pillow. The film gets kind of artsy in some moments, but if you can get pass  those-it's a film worth seeing!  As I said one of Mickey Rourke's greatest  performances!!!  As for the scene between Rourke and Lisa Bonet...it is  erotic and evil rolled into one.  It makes you feel sexy and seductive one  second and scared for your soul the next. I highly recommend it!!!!
 A powerful and brilliant script, incredible acting, indelible images, all make this movie a collectors item. Mickey Rourke has always been a great actor - that is why his role in The Wrestler is even more poignant...a great talent returns.
 I have loved this movie from the first time I saw it. I have always been a Mickey Roarke fan and this movie truly showcases his wonderful talent.
 this is one of my favorite movies of all time. lisa bonet is wonderful in this movie as is the entire cast. well worth your time and money.
 this is a must see..not for the faint hearted..(X-rated artfilm style movie)...........i was hesitant to see it because it takes place in louisiana (i dont like that culture,-accents,-music ect.) but it was all great...the voodoo was beautifully artfully done (as was the whole film)....deniro is great as always....&amp; SO was Rourke (who i didn't care for as an actor before seeing this)...if you can take graphic imagry &amp; like art films with symbolism this is a must see.... classic in many ways... cinematography is great as is everything else....but like i said before don't watch it unless you are in the habit of watching graphic (even X-rated) films...
 This is an intriguing, unusual, beautifully directed, highly atmospheric film that successfully crosses any number of genre
 Film
 Mickey Rouke stars as Private Eye Harry Angel who is given a job by the mysterious Louis Cypher (Robert de Niro). His remit is to find missing singer Johnny Favourite. Unfortunately for Harry the people he is investigating for the job have a habit of being found dead after he has talked to them. Naturally this puts Harry in the frame for murder. The cinematography is first rate. Filmed for the most part in Louisiana, there is a real sense of oppression and gloom that makes for an uneasy atmosphere throughout and certainly adds to the tone of the film. Rouke is excellent as the deadbeat Harry a character that attracts and repels at the same time whilst De Niro is suitable sinister as Cypher. Alan Parker has produced a film that is part psychological thriller, part occult-horror, but always gripping.
 This is definitely one of the creepiest movies you'll ever see and the ending is a shocker.  Set in 1955, a private detective named Harry Angel (played my Mickey Rourke) is hired by Louis Cyphre to find a long ago crooner named Johnny Favorite, who owes him something.  The search leads Angel to a dark underworld of voodoo and strange murders.  In his search for Favorite, Harry goes to New Orleans, where he runs into Epiphany Proudfoot, played by Lisa Bonet.  As Harry gets closer to the truth of Favorite's whereabouts, things just get weirder and weirder.  And Louis Cyphre turns out to be Harry's worst nightmare.  And the title is an excellent play on the movie's denoument.  Overall this is a great creepy thriller.   The DVD extras are also interesting (see the Mickey Rourke interview, is tragi-comic).
 I love horror movies.I really do. every kind from extreme splatter to the mildest chills. Angel Heart is easily one of the spookiest,and very underated. Mickey Rourke is awesome and gives his best ever performance,its fab from start to finish,beautiful soundtrack,and DeNiro as the bad guy,it has everything,a noir feel that slowly changes into satanic horror......PLUS! Lisa gets very naked....... buy it now!
 Let's see. A mesmerizing Mickey Rourke in his element. A brief but blood-curdling cameo from DeNiro sporting overgrown fingernails, dark flowy suits and a baritone drawl. A starkly bold turn from the beautiful Lisa Bonnet who exudes sexual abandon..  Cut to the chase, Angel Heart is a  riveting psychothriller with cojones. It absolutely boggles me, then, why this is not the cult classic that it so richly deserves to be!  What begins as a fairly innocuous sleuthing adventure quickly takes on the contours of a supernatural drill, replete with mythological and biblical symbolism, as our private-eye discovers the true nature of his horrifying engagement.  Trevor Jones' riveting score and Parker's immaculate direction could be some of the reasons why this grand nightmare lingers in your thoughts long after the credits have rolled, but whatever the motivation, I highly recommend getting a hold of this classic with an unforgettable twist.
 Angel Heart never quite got the critical acclaim it deserved. Long before Mickey Rourke was reduced to doing Iglesias music videos, he actually had something of an acting career. In this, perhaps his best work, although not his best known, he plays an amnesiac private investigator sent on the trail of a 1940s crooner/singer named Johnny Favorite. While some of the plot twists are pretty evident to modern viewers (some later films have used similar twists to further their own plots), they were quite novel at the time of the film. The eerie film-noire atmosphere gives everything a sinister, seductive feel, and, while you can pretty much ascertain the identity of the PI's patron (Cypher), the identity of the elusive crooner remains a shocker at the end. Also, if you are a jazz fan, the eerie jazz of Trevor Jones provides a suitably melancholic atmosphere to the film. Lisa Bonet, the Cosby show's wild-child, performs admirably as a voodoo priestess who is also the daughter of Favorite, and the eventual lover of the PI. Rourke is great, as he was in those days, reflecting more emotional range than he was allowed in more notable films in which he participated, namely 9 1/2 Weeks and Wild Orchid. De Niro oozes diabolical smugness and a certain sinister quality that you just cannot quite put your finger on (yeah, if you READ the name of the guy, you know what he is...but those seeing the movie didn't have that luxury until the end credits ... MUCH better in this role than Pacino), and this is one of my favorite roles for him. The film works in a little bit of everything darkly occult, from benevolent, poor but soulful black-folks in voodoo cults, to rich and powerful white-folks with their secret devil worship to keep them rich and powerful. Set against the mysterious bayou backdrop of New Orleans, which only serves to enhance the spooky atmosphere, this film is a classic for anyone who is a fan of film noir.
 "Angel Heart will not only leave you feeling terrified; it will leave you sick, afraid, and wanting to take three hot showers to get the grime off your soul.  The hallmark of a great film
 Aah, Mr Rourke, where did it all go horribly wrong?  If you saw him and his feakish dog in Once Upon A Time In Mexico, you will know all what I mean.  Flashback to the 80s and Mickey Rourke was so sexy and expressive that the TV tended to start melting....  Angel Heart is possibly one of the best films I have ever seen.  Hand on heart.  Wonderfully photographed to give the sensation of menace in even the simplest frame, this frantic race to find the true identity of a 'missing' crooner becomes one of the most sinister premises ever penned with corking performances all round.  Robert DeNiro gives a spine tingling performance as the 'eater of souls' (you'll never eat a boiled egg again, trust me) and Lisa Bonet is sweetly sexual and innocent all at once.  The film's main backdrop are the equally dusty and drenched environs of America's Deep South, with colours as musty and dark as an attic full of loved and forgotten toys.  The volatile and intense fear of Voodoo permeates almost every scene as the body count grows and so does Rourke's bewildered frustration and mental anguish until breaking point.  His performance is near perfect, possibly only beaten by his turn in Rumblefish.  He wastes not a minute of screen time with overblown hystronics but takes the viewer on a rollercoaster journey that is advisable to be experienced several times.  Of course, the actors had great material to work with. It may be that I am a bit slow on the uptake (though I can generally see a plot line a mile off) but I was genuinely pleased that this film baffled me right to the end.  While not generally 'scary', the tension, the psychological drama of Angel Heart will have you gripped and when the credits roll, you'll still be hanging onto the arm of the couch.  It's that sudden, that draining.  If there's one downside, is that Mr Rourke tends to think he looks better naked.  Baby, you don't.  It's all in the face and the voice.  Watch out for wobbling arse, bleeding walls....
 William Hjortsberg's terrific novel FALLING ANGEL was adapted into a marvelous screenplay and beautifully directed by Alan Parker who was at the peak of his considerable artistic powers.  A gumbo of genres (noir, detective, supernatural) are masterfully mixed in a film that is arguably as good as the novel on which it is based.  Set in the 50s, Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is a down-and-out Brooklyn PI who is hired by mysterious Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to locate Johnny Favorite, a pop singer who never repaid a debt.  Problems arise when Harry contacts people who may know the singer's whereabouts and then they are ritually killed.  Harry's obsessive hunt for Favorite takes him from New York to Louisiana's humid voodoo infested bayous where Harry makes a discovery that chills his soul.  Is this Rourke's best performance?  I say yes.  De Niro inhabits the charismatic Cyphre with ease and Bonet burns the screen as a seductive voodoo child-woman.
 As far as film making goes, there was not a great deal of attention to detail in this one.  Look for modern-era cars in the 1955 street.  There was no Mickey Mouse club ('Wednesday is "Anything-can-happen Day"') when this story took place.  In spite of this, the movie is one of the best, if not THE best, "Devil pics around.
 <a href="http
 One of my top 3 male actors of today? Robert DeNiro. This man transforms himself into whatever character he plays, over and over again. The plot of this particular movie makes it so good to me, and the cry, "I know who I am by Mickey Rourke's character made me feel so bad for him. Lisa Bonet got into hot water with Bill Cosby over her role in this movie - love you Bill, but she had a great part. The physical condition of the dvd is excelent, as with all of the other media that I have purchased from Amazon.
 *****************SPOILER ALERT*****************************  This is one of my Favorite flicks (sorry) and I loved it since I saw it when it first came out. I'm absolutely crazy about cinematic versions of Satan and Robert DeNiro's performance is the best ever, bar none, IMHO. He seems perfect to me, what with his odd appearance and silky mannerisms. His ominous restraint is indeed his most frightening feature, since if the Devil truly exists he could effortlessly exterminate us with a snap of his fingers. But his legend has always been that he merely toys with us in order to gain our souls, perhaps more for his own amusement than for their value to him. He certainly manipulates Harry every step of the way. The irony here is that for every murder he makes Harry commit, Harry gets away with. But at the end he actually kills Epiphany himself and successfully frames Harry for that one. Anyway, this representation of him is right on the money. Very creepy, even before you realize who he really is, although you can sense immediately that he's more than just a man. My theory on the cane is that he needs it to walk because he has to fit his cloven hooves into shoes in order to pass as a human being. There's only one scene where we briefly see him standing and walking in any of his appearances. There's not a clear view of him walking and it takes place in a Catholic church so I'll bet this is Alan Parker and/or DeNiro himself having a little bit of fun with the part. But he uses different canes for different scenes, so maybe it's just a kind of royal scepter. It's all part of the atmosphere of this movie. Lots of little details.  I always liked Mickey Rourke because he was just perfect for certain roles, and this is one of them. I'm glad that he has finally come out the other side of his own personal Hell and made a comeback with The Wrestler, also a part that he's absolutely ideal for. For some reason, in his interview he doesn't want to seriously discuss his acting or his character - he claims that Harry Angel was just an "everyday Joe"! Just an amoral, bottom-feeding, womanizing everyday Joe with amnesia and extensive plastic surgery who also double-crossed the Devil. At any rate, in Angel Heart his sleazy Brooklyn private eye is an all-time great version of the cliche-ridden cinematic gumshoe. What I liked the most about him is that he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever
 This is one of the best movies ever made.  The symbolism and hidden meanings are awesome, but it must be seen twice before you understand even half of the things that are going on!  Bravo.
 Eventhough the performances of Mickey Rourke, Rober De Niro and Charlotte Rampling earned a lot of praise and are mostly talked about when this film is discussed, its greatest value is its ultimate noir quality. As Raymond Chandler once put it, every detective in a real good mystery is really in search of himself, simultaneously trying to evade his personal hell. Harry Angel, the detective in this film, is epitome of that kind of detective.  I also liked the New Orleans-style blues.
 This film is full of haunting imagery, stellar performances, superb dialouge, and pure terror. The theme teaches us that old cliche, we have met the monster and he is us. How can I convey the pure wonderfullness of  this film, the New Orleans setting, the marvelous Rourke and DeNiro, the  relentless pacing as the mystery is unravelled. Look for the meanings of  the elevator, Times Square, blood being washed from the wall..... Symbolism  abounds
 This has to be one of the finest movies ever made!  Not only does it look fantastic (Alan Parker at his best) but it has the characterisation and story to complement it.  The music is suitably atmospheric, and the art  direction clostophobically creepy (exactly as is imagined in the book).  The best British directed film made in America (close competition provided  by American Beauty - Sam Mendes) ever!  If anybody disagrees - their  wrong.  No question.
 I first viewed this movie in 1987 only because the cover intrigued me so and sparked my curiosity of what could this movie be about. But also seeing who starred in it also sparked interest being a fan of Rourke and DeNiro. Let me first point out this movie is NOT for the squeamish. So if some graphics disturb you than you should pass on this. The movie takes place in 1955 New York. Harry Angel a private gumshoe is contacted by a law firm representing a one Louis Cyphere. Reason for the contact is that Mr. Cyphere wants to hire Mr. Angel to find a client of his who he needs to collect on a "vague debt. The client he wants found is an old crooner by the name of Johnny Favorite or aka; Jonathan Liebling. After Mr. Angel contacts one of Johnny's old doctor up in Poughkeepsie he winds up dead. Harry reports back to Mr. Cyphere that he is out of the hunt as he could be a prime suspect. Cyphere baits him with an up front $5000 salary to find Johnny Favorite. You have to remember $5000 is a lot of money in 1955. This gets him on the track down to New Orleans looking for Johnny Favorite. In his searches everyone he comes in contact with who had any dealings with Johnny Favorite they wind up dead with Harry Angel being pointed as the prime suspect. This is as far as I can go with this as I really don't want to spoil this for anyone. All I can say is buy this movie because the ending is worth the price of admission alone and will shock the hell out of you and you won't be able to stop talking about "Angel Heart for quite some time. I highly recommend this one. Not hardly a sleeper film.
 For such a suspenseful, eerie film this is still criminally underknown, mostly due to its gruesome imagery and controversy over the Lisa Bonet sex scene (she was thrown off the Cosby Show for it), but it's never too late to discover the greatness of Angel Heart. Mickey Rourke is a '50s gumshoe hired by the mysterious Louis Cipher to find a missing Sinatra-like crooner named Johnny Favorite. But all is not as it seems. Director Alan Parker creates wonderful atmosphere in its period New York and New Orleans settings, and Mickey is at his finest just before his personal problems deep-sixed his career for many years. A must see- you won't regret it!
 wow this is a good movie ive had the vhs tape and wore it out so when i saw this dvd i decided i had to have it -it did not let me down the qulity was excellent all thru the movie the audio the pictue the hole 9 yards the ratio of the film is 1.85 widescreen i still love fullscreen better 1.33- but even with the 1.85 it was not even noticible as the movie captured my attention it brings back memories  dont forget to watch the interviews at the end there really interesting
 I saw this movie years ago and never get tired of watching. Out of all "The Devil Made Me Do It based thrillers, I think this movie is the best. The fact the movie is set in New Orleans, a city rich in the occult, adds volumes to the story. But when you add Robert De Niro into the mix as the rich benefactor with an elusive secret, you get next to perfect. All the characters come together so well to give an outstanding performance about a man's search and ultimate fight for his soul. If you love a challenge and this movie does not draw you in, then I would be pressed to recommend a movie that would. And to add more intrigue, sex and excitement, the scene between Mickey Rourke and Lisa Bonet will surely cover that aspect.
 Many films, albums, books, art pieces, etc., are not fully understood at the time of their release. Some are indeed trash, and deserve to be ridiculed and dismissed as tripe. But every now and then, something comes along...in this case a film...which gets the raspberry treatment by the establishment, but later on....with careful revisiting and analyzing...proves itself to be something that was judged too harshly in it's time. With more and more people seeing it, as the generations go forward, it begins to gain a steady following, until it is finally deemed as "A Cult Classic!".....So goes the story behind "Angel Heart".  Mickey Rourke (pre-botched plastic surgery) turns in a very angst-filled and believable performance as a grizzled & jaded 1950's-era NYC private investigator, Harry Angel, who is sent on the MIND SCREW ASSIGNMENT OF A STOLEN LIFETIME by the dark, mysterious, and wickedly sardonic Mr. Louis Cipher (LUCIFER), who is played brilliantly, and almost tongue-in-cheek, by the master thespian ROBERT DE NIRO. It turns out that Harry is far from an Angel...in fact, there is much drama, death, and intrigue which seems to follow him wherever he goes. As he accepts the job from Mr. Cipher...more and more, Mr. Angel finds himself deeper and deeper in the ka-ka, as the convoluted layers of a former 1930's crooner named Johnny Favorite's life is revealed to the earth-shattering climax of the story, which is that Mr. Angel has been sent on a mission to find HIMSELF, so that he and Mr. Cipher can make good on the deal for his eternal soul that was struck up years before! (-
 This is the ultimate film noir, not only in visual style, with shadows, venetian blinds and ceiling fans, but in a tour de force of evil and shady characters. And there's even more
 Angel Heart is one of the best supernatural thrillers in movie history. Powerfull screenplay and excellent performances. This blu-ray edition is near perfect.
 This is an intriguing, unusual, beautifully directed, highly atmospheric film that successfully crosses any number of genre
 I love this movie for so many reasons. This of course is one of the last great perfomances given by Mickey Rourke. However Robert De Niro's cameo appearances are fantastic as well. The detail of this movie is lost on a viewer the first time through. It takes several viewings to truly take Angel Heart in. But that is the genius of this film. It can be watched over and over again. Each time connecting a few more dots in what turns out to be an all together brilliant movie.
 I'm a big Mickyey Rourke fan, as an aside, what in the world happened to him, he blew up like a ballon.  Steroids?  Anyways, this is my favorite Rourke movie and he's superb in the roll of a private eye on the downside.  Alan Parker creates an atmosphere that's dark, evil, and builds in creepiness.  Watch for the fans, even into the final scene.  I've seen this movie 10 times and I still get goosebumps watching it  at nite, alone.
 At the time of release, I was only about 12 years old, so even repeated viewings didn't fully satisfy my eagerness to understand this film.  Years later, it still stands as one of the best psychological thrillers of all time, and contains one of Mickey Rourke's last really good roles before he washed himself up. It's on par with  Se7en  (with about a decade separating the two) in terms of atmosphere, and how successful the director is in creating it.  Alan Parker ups the ante here and never sacrifices believability thanks in part to great character performances all across the board.  Particularly De Niro, in a superb understated turn as Satan himself.   Add to that one of the best film-centric scores of recent memory by saxophonist Courtney Pine, and with it, your halloween viewing should be complete.  Even though most people will guess the ending before it happens, they still won't want to leave the film before that ending comes.
 The chemistry and portrayal of Mickey Rourke, Robert DeNiro and Lisa Bonet is epic! Mickey Rourke and Robert DeNiro are fantastic and gripping. Lisa Bonet was moving in her controversial role.
 Angel Heart is a genuine diamond in the rough  Movies are not made like this anymore, it pushes the boundaries of all the correctness of our current times.  Never before have I been ~put off~ simply watching someone peel an egg. It's just the way Angel Heart pulls you into a edgy situation,...just really intriguing film making. The story makes you think & I wont say anymore  After finishing the movie, it was like a nightmare I eerily wanted to continue.  Collection worthy!
 came quick, clean and no problems a pleasure dealing Amazon.com.  I would buy again.  Great selections in the DVD line.
 This has been one of my favorite movies since I was a teenager.  It was interesting watching it again as a conscious woman because I had a deeper understanding of the message. I'm glad to have it in my movie collection especially at a nice price 
 If you are a Mickey Rourke or a Deniro fan or both this little tale will not disappoint. The blu-ray version was ok but not great. Some of the scenes seemed to look a little crisper than others. All in all it's a great story, I highly recommend it.
 I am rating this movie simply for volume (there were only three other reviews).  "Angel Heart is a dandy.  There's really no other movie quite like it.
 A twisty plot set in Lousianna.  Sexy.  Haunting.  A little known classic. Excellent performance by Mickey Rourke.
 Based on a great novel by William Hjortsberg (Fallen angel). Great actors. Great director. One of the best crime films (with a touch of occultism) I've seen.
 An Eye For An Eye    In the 1987 film, Angel Heart, director Alan Parker elaborately relays to his audience the underlying theme that a person, despite his or her best attempt, cannot cheat and prosper in life.  Utilizing a vast array of symbolism, cultural ideology, and clever subterfuge, Parker portrays the unsuccessful attempt of his main character, Harold Angel (Mickey Rourke), to 'have his cake and eat it too' by cheating both God and Satan.    In "Angel Heart", the old adage that 'cheaters never prosper' comes to life on the screen in a horrifying manner, as the destruction of both self and others unfolds in a most hell-like fashion.  Seemingly, Parker is telling his audience to not be deceived...that nobody, despite his or her best attempt, can cheat and prosper in life.    I thoroughly enjoyed "Angel Heart".  I give it a five-star thumbs up.  I bought this DVD from Amazon.com for the purpose of writing a college level essay on symbology in films.  It turned out to be an excellent choice.  I highly recommend the film, but caution parents to use discretion.  There is a bit of filthy language, some gore, and a sexual scene that I feel should not be viewed by children under age 18.  Use discretion, but enjoy.  The symbology is unsurpassed.  --Allan Whitney--
 I won't go into the details of the movie as they have been stated.  What a great piece of work by Mickey Rourke,the Pope of Greenwich Village,Diner,Barfly are his best work and this is right up there,at one time being compared to James Dean and Marlon Brando(In France he is their  James Dean ) what a shame that he is no longer getting offered roles like this.  A movie that needs to watched more than once to really appreciate the detail that Alan Parker puts into this movie. Incredible acting along with a haunting,twisting plot makes this a superb movie.highly recommended.
 How can anyone purchase a movie titled "2 Headed Shark Attack that stars Carmen Electra and Brook Hogan and review it negatively? Seriously, what were you expecting????  Things go wrong quickly for a group of students on a Semester At Sea trip, when their boat, the Sea King hits a shark, damaging the boat. The boat begins to take on water and the group heads for safety on a nearby atoll and are terrorized and devoured by the double headed beast.  Is the acting bad? Yep  Is the dialogue wretched? Uh Huh  Is the shark CG and cheesy looking? Sure Is  Is this movie totally fun? Absolutely
 Movies produced by the Asylum are either very good or very bad. There's very little area in between. Two Headed Shark Attack is one of their best efforts. The shark f/x were very good. It was a very entertaining movie and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys shark movies.
 Rafael Kubelik (1914-1996) was one of the great conductors of the second half of the twentieth century. Son of a great violin virtuoso, Jan Kubelik, this young Czech had the advantage of his father's cosmopolitanism and he traveled with him all over the world as a child. He showed early talent for music, studying both violin and piano, and made his d&eacute;but as a conductor with the Czech Philharmonic at the tender age of 20. But he was destined to leave Czechoslovakia as a political emigr&eacute; and didn't go back until his triumphal return to the podium of the same orchestra 42 years later. He was greeted as a national hero, at least partly because of his outspoken criticism of the totalitarian government forced upon the Czech people for all that time.  This documentary, made in 2003 for German television by Reiner E. Moritz, is a loving tribute to this great conductor. It features may clips of him conducting a number of different orchestras, and there are extensive interviews with his son Martin, his second wife, the great English soprano Elsie Morison, conductor/pianist Daniel Barenboim (who first soloed with him as a child), and many others. The picture that emerges is one of a gentle, thoughtful, dedicated man, kind to others, quietly persuasive with his musicians, a dedicated composer who took long periods off from conducting to write music but who rarely played his own music with the orchestras he was conducting. The film follows him through his many moves as a conductor (Prague, Covent Garden, Chicago Symphony, Munich) to the time of his death and his burial back in his beloved Prague, alongside his idolized father. It recounts the story of his brief tenure at the Metropolitan Opera where, among other things, he conducted the glorious American premi&egrave;re production of Berlioz's 'Les Troyens.' After the tragic, too early death of G&ouml;ran Gentele, the general manager of the Met who created the post of music director for him there, Kubelik decided that he couldn't really take up the post without Gentele by his side. He continued his long-time post as conductor of the Bayerischer Rundfunk Symphonieorchester almost to the time of his death.  The only real criticism I have of the film is that in most cases the works that Kubelik is conducting are not identified. In many instances, of course, this is not necessary, but there are others that are obscure. For instance, when talking about his great fondness for the music of his dear friend composer Karl Amadeus Hartmann, we see him conducting what is obviously one of Hartmann's works, but we are not told which one it is. Also, whoever was responsible for the English subtitles was not terribly musically informed (nor a very good speller, for that matter). No matter. This is a very satisfying film.  TT=125 mins. Subtitles in English, German, French, Spanish. Sound is PCM Stereo. Sound is generally quite good and the videography and editing, for all its differing sources--there is an extensive use of archival material--is also quite good.  Scott Morrison
 THE PIRCURE OF A GREAT MAN AND A DELICATE, HUMBLE MUSICAN.  A HUMAN AND DENSE DOCUMENTARY.  MW
 Well, I think so anyway.  Bill Witney and John English directed the three sequels to the original and established themselves and Repulic studios as masters of the serial genre with the choreographed fights, well crafted chapter endings, and overall care in making these entertaining.I put this one above the other Dick Tracy serials because they really outdid themselves in packing it with continuous action and imaginatively crafted scenes including ones in the middle of chapters which rivaled the chapter endings.  This one does have a higher body count than most serials.  There are six suspects who may be the invisible "Ghost at the beginning and only two still alive by the start of the final chapter.One very unusual thing to note is that unlike most of Republic's crime serials, there is no "economy chapter in which we have flashbacks to scenes in previous chapters.If you enjoy serials, you should love this one.
 "Dick Tracy vs. Crime Incorporated is a 15 chapter Republic serial, the last of the four with Ralph Byrd as Dick Tracy, released in late December of 1941.  It is also the last of the 17 serials directed by the team of William Witney and John English.  A mysterious criminal, known as "The Ghost seeks revenge on members of the "Council of Eight who helped send his brother, "Rackets Regan, to the Chair.  They had planned to build a vast orgnization, called "Crime, Incorporated which now The Ghost, secretly a member of the Council, will carry out alone, with the aid of an invisibility machine developed by his associate, Lucifer (John Davidson).  As the story begins, two members of the Council have already been killed, and Tracy arrives too late to save criminologist Dr. Stephen Chandler (Howard C. Hickman), killed at close range despite being heavily guarded.  While Tracy and the police are baffled, they had noticed an odd sound, caused by Lucifer's invisibility machine.  Tracy spends the next fourteen chapters tracking that sound, battling the Ghost's schemes and trying to learn his identity.  For purposes of the serial the acting is fine, with Ralph Byrd as reliable as ever as the square-jawed detective/G-man, supported mostly by agent Bill Carr played by Michael Owen.  Instead of Gwen, the main female role is June (Jan Wiley), the daughter of the late Dr. Chambers, but she appears no more often than Gwen did in the other serials.  She finally gets to do something in Chapter Ten, analyzing the sound of Lucifer's machine.  Jan Wiley had better roles in Universal's 1945 serials "Secret Agent X-9 and "The Master Key.  The actors for the remaining members of the Council of Eight are Hooper Atchley, Robert Fiske, Robert Frazer, Ralph Morgan and John Dilson, all good at playing suspicious characters.  The Ghost is supported not only by John Davidson as Lucifer, but Anthony Warde as the main henchman John Corey.  A lot of familiar faces show up in smaller roles, including Edmund Cobb, C. Monague Shaw, Stanley Price, John Merton, Jack Mulhall and Edward Hearn, plus stunt men David Sharpe, Duke Taylor, Ken Terrell and Bud Wolfe.  Those looking for a lot of action will not be disappointed, but little logic is used in solving the case, and Tracy seems to be waiting with the audience to see which Council member is left in the last chapter.  Screenplay writers Ronald Davidson, Norman S. Hall and Joseph Poland were also involved with the earlier "Adventures of Captain Marvel which had a similar "Who Is.. plot, but here Tracy is supposed to be protecting those Council members.  While there are no "retrospective chapters, there's a lot of recycled footage.  The first chapter ends with the destruction of New York City by tidal wave, taken from the 1933 film "Deluge, though the associated new footage doesn't quite look right.  Maybe the palm trees lining the streets were the wrong kind for New York.  Most chapters contain extra "cliffhangers at the mid-point for added action, usually from an earlier serial, though often with a different resolution.  In the middle of Chapter Three the hero chases a runaway train in an army tank, from the second Dick Tracy serial.  Then we get a rerun of the first chapter cliffhanger from "Dick Tracy's G-Men where a remote-controlled boat loaded with explosives is heading to destroy the canal locks.  To fit it into the story, a clumsy explanation is needed by Tracy, who is able to see from an airplane that dummies have been substituted for the people and that a remote-control unit is operating the boat.  Reuse of cliffhangers is not unusal in serials, but the amount of it is especially high for the time this one was made.  The "scientific explanations related to The Ghost's invisibility don't enhance the credibility either, though there's entertainment in the rapid wearout of the tubes in Lucifer's machine.  Fortunately originality and plot aren't the only things that matter in serials, and Republic's production values are in top form, including the choreography of the fist fights and especially the musical score by Cy Feuer, the most pulse-pounding in the Dick Tracy serials.  VCI's edtion on DVD, # 8526, is properly spread out on two discs, the first double-layer with chapters one through nine, the second disc having the remaining five chapters.  There is but one extra, an introduction by Max Allan Collins, who wrote the Dick Tracy comic strip from 1977 to 1993.  This is on the first disc but can only be accessed with the "play all option; it does not appear on the main menu.  VCI's image is quite good, if from a reduction print, seen in the softness of focus toward the edges especially in the lower-right corner of the screen, with blurred words "fictitious and "coincidental in the disclaimer about the similarity to persons living or dead.  This is also the location of the MPPDA certificate numbers, and the one for Chapter Nine is quite blurry, though probably correct, like the ones for the other chapters.  But overall the sharpness, gray scale and lack of scratches and dirt are impressive.  The sound in Chapter One has some noise reduction artifacts causing the dialogue to be a little garbled, but VCI's videotape edition, # 1169 had the noise doing about the same thing.  The other chapters are better, clear enough if with some background hiss, a good compromise between noise and high-frequency enhancement.  The other Dick Tracy serials are closer to the comic strip, with better atmosphere and plot development, and a lot less recycled footage.  Still, by Amazon's rating system "Dick Tracy vs. Crime, Inc. deserves five stars for the lively action and fine production values of the serial.  The blemishes are fairly minor, and this is the best-looking transfer of the four Dick Tracy serials on DVD.
 VCI Entertainment and Republic Pictures present based on Chester Gould's comic strip creation..."DICK TRACY VS CRIME INC (27 December 1941) (263 mins) (Glorious Black & White) (Dolby digitally remastered) -- Dick Tracy is a long running comic strip featuring a popular and familiar character in American pop culture --- Dick Tracy is a hard-hitting, fast-shooting, and supremely intelligent police detective who has matched wits with a variety of often grotesquely ugly villains --- Created by cartoonist Chester Gould in 1931, the strip made its debut appearance on October 4, 1931, distributed by the Chicago Tribune Syndicate --- Gould wrote and drew the strip until 1977 --- Chester Gould retired from comics in 1977; his last Dick Tracy strip appeared in print on Sunday, December 25 of that year --- The following Monday, Dick Tracy was taken over by Max Allan Collins and longtime Gould assistant Rick Fletcher --- Gould's name remained in the byline for a few years after his retirement as a story consultant -- (From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia)  Under the production staff of
 this movie was made real well the story is a great one. ralph byrd is the best screen dick tracy but be on the look out for robert fiske as cabot he is also in the green archer and in the batman that came out 1943 so pick up those other movies too.
 Its Dick Tracy, its a 1940's serial, its so unique and good (To Me) OK, could be a little less but still I bought it. Always easy doing business on Amazon. I love Amazon if it exists, they or their Partners have it. Shipping and delivery again great.
 articles arrived quickley, and was securely packaged. I feel very confident that I will order in the future and will tell my friends about the quick and dependable way you do buisness.
 Of the 4 Tracy serials this version is the best when it comes to plot and action. Many of the cliff hanging endings are original. A fine example of a serial of the period. Equal to the newly released Green Hornet/1940.
 Just added this one to my collection. If your a Dick Tracy/Ralph Byrd fan get this one. VCI has done a truly remarkable job of digitally restoring this one. Not a flaw in any chapter, and the sound is excellent. Typical story line involving a single villain the "Ghost", and was similar to the 1937 edition with the "Spider as the villain. In fact in Chapter 5 of this one they borrowed some footage from the 1937 serial. I'm referring to the harbor chase scene with the speedboat and the cabin cruiser and how they go between two large ships. The final escape was different though. Didn't think anyone would notice eh? I'm going to get more of these. Love Ralph Byrd as Dick Tracy.....I think he was Dick Tracy.
 VCI Entertainment and Republic Pictures present based on Chester Gould's comic strip creation..."Dick Tracy vs Crime Inc. (1941) (Dolby digitally remastered), with 15 Chapters of vintage serial episodes loaded with action sequences...our story opens as Dick Tracy (Byrd) and his agents must battle a villain known only as "The Ghost"...can this fiend make himself invisible...how can you fight something you can't see, or can we...this looks like the best serial in the Dick Tracy series, as our favorite detective must come up to the plate and hit a homerun...which one of the members of the city crime council is "The Ghost"....the fight scenes are something to behold, pure magic...why is this villain so bent on destroying and raising havoc during these wonderful episodes, wish they would never end....but see for yourself (can we see the Ghost), as Tracy outwits this evil man and his diabolical plans to bring an end to Dick Tracy and Republic Pictures......well "serial-buffs don't leave the theater until the final chapter is over and done with ....just remember double thrills, chills, mystery and suspense...hitting the bull's eye with excitement...don't miss a single spine thrilling episode..return next week to this local theater for another episode of action and adventure that will keep you thrilled until the next chapter.  Under director's William Witney and John English, associate producer William J. O'Sullivan, Original screenplay by Ronald Davidson, Norman S. Hall, William Lively, Joseph O'Donnell, Joseph F Poland, musical score by Walter Bullock, Cy Feuer, Raoul Kraushaar, William Lava, Peter Tinturin....the cast includes Ralph Byrd (Dick Tracy), Michael Owen (Billy Carr), Jan Wiley (June 'Eve' Chandler), John Davidson (Lucifer), Ralph Morgan (J.P. Morton aka 'The Ghost'), Kenneth Harlan (Police Lt. Cosgrove), John Dilson (Henry Weldon), Howard C. Hickman (Stephen Chandler), Robert Frazer (Daniel Brewster), Robert Fiske (Walter Cabot), Jack Mulhall (Jim Wilson), Hooper Atchley (Arthur Trent)...take note the rest of the cast of veteran B-Western and Serial genre with Anthony Warde (John Corey), Edmund Cobb ( Police Guard at Chandler's Gate), Terry Frost (Drake - Marine guard), Bud Geary (Plant Heavy 7), Fred Kohler Jr (House Heavy), Walter Miller (Launch heavy), Eddie Parker (Hideout Heavy), Buddy Roosevelt (Pier Heavy 3), David Sharpe (Pier Heavy 1), Duke Taylor (Deck Heavy), Forrest Taylor (Netzikoff's Butler), Ken Terrell (Plant Heavy 4), Bud Wolfe (Grill Room Heavy).....and how about the Republic stunt team with Bud Wolfe (stunt double for Ralph Byrd), David Sharpe, Duke Taylor, Ken Terrell ....meanwhile back to our Republic Serial which is always good till the last drop and this serial is no exception...there is a great deal of entertainment here for the cliffhanger fans out there...all courtesy of VCI Entertainment, who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features.  BIOS
 Nadia Boulanger (1887-1997), universally called 'Mademoiselle' by her students, was easily the best-known teacher of composition in the last century. The list of her students from America includes, among many others, Aaron Copland, Walter Piston, Roy Harris and Leonard Bernstein. This documentary is the first film ever made by Bruno Monsaingeon, a former musician who has gone on to become a leading classical music documentarian. It was shot in the 1960s and early 1970s in grainy black & white and only average sound, when Boulanger was in her late 80s and still fearsomely in command of her abilities. This film remains one of the most important documents concerning this fabled teacher. She is seen at one of her fabled 'Wednesdays', a composition lesson held weekly in her apartment for almost six decades and attended by anyone who would come. In this particular session she talks illuminatingly with students about a small portion of Schumann's 'Davidsb&uuml;ndertanze.' The incredibly talented prodigy, the Bulgarian pianist-composer Emile Naumoff, demonstrates at the piano; he looks to be no older than perhaps ten or twelve. Boulanger's comments are  terse, penetrating and forceful.  Interweaved with the 'Wednesday' material are interview clips with Monsaingeon -- expanded in his later book 'Mademoiselle
 I came to Nadia Boulanger by means of Dinu Lipatti, (<a href="http
 Although this is a must have for every Blind Melon fan, It is a great DVD for rock fans to own. The music is great, the concert is excellent. The Bonus material includes 3 tracks recorded live on muchMusic. You might have gotten a little taste from the metro concert if you've seen Blind melon's Letters from a porcupine DVD, where some footage of this concert is shown. Bottom line
 I now have a renewed appreciation for Blind Melon.  I had no idea how great of a live band they were.  I have always been a big fan of there music but did not get a chance to see them live.  If your a Blind Melon fan this is a must have and if your not you wouldn't be sorry with this purchase.  A group that can not be labeled...I miss the 90's.
 This is a must have for any Blind Melon fan.  I highly suggest this video.
 This dvd is a great buy if you are a blind melon fan. No one gets into music as much as Shannon Hoon and this item has immortalized one of Shannon's last performances for all to enjoy. R.I.P Shannon and thanks for the music you have left for us.
 I always liked Blind melon and never got to see them live before the tragic death of their lead singer Shannon Hoon.  This gave me the chance to get a feel for their live shows.  Good sound quality and video overall.  I highly recommend it.
 This show is great rough and tough showing of this band.Hood is amazing performing live although his voice is a little rough thats what live music is all about!Alot of great songs from soup and the mtv hits no rain and tones of home.Sum extra much music brings this dvd to a end hope ya like it as much as i do.
 Sadly only 3 weeks before Shanon's trajic end, he is as free spirited as they come. In this classic performance the essence of the 90's is perfectly captured as Blind Melon burns there mark in Rock n Roll history.
 It was a christmas gift and the receiver love it. It came on time and saved me time to enjoy the Holidays.
 if u are a blind melon fan or just a music fan i assure u that this is the best dvd u will ever buy.  Shannon hoon was a genius and this dvd is great.
 I always want to see Blind Melon in a Dvd and i think that is a real good Recital, whit the bonus tracks in Much Music. The songs are very nice, the sound is the worst thing but is not a problem. Well, if you are a Blind Melon fan, you have to buy this dvd.
 Like the reviewer above, I was puzzled as to why Criterion would release this film in full frame format when everything else about the edition seemed so meticulously struck, so I thought other people might be  interested in Criterion's explanation as to ask why this DVD copy was in  the full frame format.   Even though Criterion released the so called  widescreen edition previously (1.66
 On the aspect ratio. I think Steve Rose, below, is absolutely right. I have the widescreen VHS and the Criterion DVD and have run them together and the DVD is obviously giving the full print image. The W/screen tape is only widescreen because it crops the top and the bottom of the image,  giving a very cramped composition to every shot. The DVD has a precision of  framing that is always spot-on (as one would expect from Raoul Coutard).  Not only that but the VHS tape is washed out; it lacks strong blacks, and  has next to no contrast - an important feature in a film that is an hommage  to American film noir. The DVD is, all up, a model of care and committment  to a wonderful movie. Now we can see it as Godard intended. (In particular,  we can again see clearly that the synchronised swimmers are stabbing the  executed men to death - something that is not obvious on the VHS tape.)  This DVD is still listed as widescreen long after they have had it  pointed out to them that it is not! As are many of the other films. Buyer  beware!) The film itself probably needs no further introduction. It is a  beautiful and sad *comedy* on humanity and Humanism, touched, as all  Godard's films of this period were, by his tangible love for Anna Karina -  whom he photographs as if he were trying to remember forever. The poetry of  Paul Eluard is used to wonderful effect in her awakening, and the film is  filled with brilliant visual humour - like the swimmers, mentioned above. A  stunning film, and one that seems even more daring and original now than it  did when it came out - a sad reflection on the current state of cinema,  where even alternative films are trying so hard to please.
 Published screenplays should be as irrelevant to the film lover as instructions on the side of self-raising flour are to the gourmet.  At best, their interest is limited to scholars and researchers.  In the case of Jean-Luc Cinema Godard, however, they are a godsend.  Godard's films are so dense, even simply on the verbal level, with allusions, philosophical ideas, aphorisms, puns, complex jokes etc., it is impossible to take them all in during a single viewing.  Publishing a screenplay like 'Alphaville' (a sci-fi/detective thriller in which a totalitarian, technocratic regime run by a HAL-like computer is overthrown not by weapons or physical skill, but by a book of Surrealist poetry (Eluard's 'La capitale de la douleur')) is therefore invaluable, and allows us to return to the film more open to its visual astonishments.  As was common with the director, Godard didn't actually work from a completed script; this verbatim transcript from the finished film was originally made to facilitate sub-title work.   This edition contains a fine introduction by French cinema specialist Richard Roud, explaining some of Godard's visual sources and the 'ethical' meaning of his stylistic choices (the circle is evil, etc.); over 30 stills and photos from production; and Godard's original treatment (entitled 'A new Lemmy Caution Adventure'), which is fascinating to compare with the finished masterpiece, as well as revealing how completely different the concepts 'story' and 'mise-en-scene' are for Godard.
 Please note that one sentence of the review below has been edited by Amazon so that it no longer makes sense. The point of the last sentence of the first paragraph was that Amazon - not Criterion - still list this DVD  as widescreen long after the viewer reviews have pointed out that it isn't.  Touchy folk!
 Imagine someone like David Lynch being hired to make the next James Bond film.  That is analogous to what happened with Alphaville.  Alphaville is part of a series of movies starring the character Lemmy Caution which was popular in France.  But instead of churning out more of the Sam Spade/Humphrey Bogart inspired film noir typical of the series, Godard made something completely unique. All the same themes of traditional film noir are found in this movie.  However instead of having the hero trying to maintain his sense of morality after falling for an amoral woman, the hero in Alphaville instead encounters a whole society which is amoral.  And instead of just solving a crime, Lemmy Caution challenges a whole system of thought. Lemmy drives in his Ford Galaxie to Alphaville, another planet which is ruled by a computer obeyed without question, and which is an interesting blend of the (then) past and the future, although the film also clearly takes place in the late 1950s.  His mission is to either capture the scientist who invented the computer and bring him back to the  exterior , or else kill him. Lemmy soon encounters a society that is completely amoral because it follows the dictatorship of logic.  Individuality is subsumed by the needs of the community.  The word  love  is no longer understood, partly because it is no longer listed in the Bible/Dictionary which is constantly being revised.  Nor do the people understand the word  why  because they do not question the logic of the computer which controls every aspect of their lives. Of course, as is typical with noir, Lemmy falls in love with the scientist's daughter, and his mission becomes secondary to his relationship.  However, also as is typical, it is this relationship which helps Lemmy succeed in his mission. Interspersed with the action are interesting philosophical speeches by the computer.  The computer develops an interest in Lemmy because it is confused by him and his alien concepts, resulting in interesting conversations.  Eventually Lemmy triumphs over the coldly logical society of Alphaville by introducing eternal concepts like love and happiness which exist beyond cold logic into the system, much like how Sam Spade defeats scheming females through a display of tenderness and his adherence to his own morals. Thus even while Alphaville's portrayal of post-war society is in many ways grimmer and less individual than most film noir, Lemmy's triumph is far more complete than any of Sam Spade's because his victory goes beyond mere personal triumph of his own moral principles by redeeming society. Filled with great sets, photography and acting, and some wonderful surreal touches, this film is an interesting optimistic alternative to Orwell's 1984, and should be enjoyed by any serious fan of science fiction or film noir, or of just plain great filmmaking.
 I am frankly bewildered by some of the negative reviews below. Alphaville is at once innovative and thought provoking.  Made in 1965, the film seems to capture (perhaps without specifically intending to) the french philosophical shift from existentialism to postmodernism. at the time of the making of this film sartre was "in and derrida was young but "up and coming (i apologize for the oedipally-charged freudianisms).  there is, therefore, in this film a great deal of existential angst, irony, and resistence to machine rationality and also (anticipating postmodernism) a persistent attempt on the part of the director to keep the audience disoriented.  because of the film's emotional and intellectual complexity and darkly beautiful "film noir atmosphere it can be watched again and again for new things one might have missed on previous viewings.  intelligent, college educated bohemians will enjoy this film for its sixties french flavor and libertarians who like orwell and ayn rand will find the evil hegelian computer thought provoking.  people who might not like this film would include anyone who loves hegel or conservative monotheism (as the computer seems to be a cold intellectual god who kills dissenters not out of spite but in the name of necessity, logic, and the collective good).  my favorite scenes involve the state's knife wielding, bikini clad female executioners.  alphaville is worth purchasing for them alone.
 [begin quote]  As any Wired magazine subscriber knows, today's technocrats perceive themselves as Byronic cyber-noir blade runners who shoot from the hip with the same stiff-lipped abandon as Eddie Constantine. They are, in effect, much closer to the alchemical thaumaturgy of Doc Faustus than the neurotic, pre-Wittgensteinian positivism on display in Godard's profoundly silly, genre-slumming film.  [end quote]  The above nonsense illustrates why the great master's films are more then ever the essential antidote to the flaccid mediocrity of our times. . . vive la maitre!  ps
 Godard creates a harsh distopian future city--not by building elaborate sets, but by simply filming the most stark, impersonal, ultra-modern facades in Paris for outdoor shots and using brightly lit white interiors.  It works as well as anything in *Blade Runner* or *Alien*(except for the car-as-spaceship thing which is still a great metaphor).
 Each time I watch this, I am drawn in by Paul Misraki's brilliant soundtrack, neon lights flashing mathematical equations, interior shots of sterile corporate settings in an "Anti-Oz composed of glass, marble and fluorescent lights.  I have landed in a "Brave New World where modern life has become a nightmare.  Alphaville is a collage, a film in which the subtext is the surface.  Lemmy Caution is a private eye-journalist employed by "Figaro Pravda who fearlessly snaps pictures with his Kodak Instamatic.  He is escorted to his swanky, yet oddly bleak, hotel room--featuring a jukebox in the foyer--by "Beatrice, third-class seductress".  The visual details of "Alphaville are  compelling in themselves--women with ID numbers stamped onto their faces and necks; outlaws standing on a diving board above a swimming pool expressing their last words of defiance before being executed by a firing squad; the dictionary in which any words considered to be too subversive have been removed; ominous-sounding organizations/places with names like the "Minist&egrave;re de la Dissuasion and "Grand Omega Minus".  The Alpha 60 computer which controls the minds of Alphaville's techno-slaves also performs the role of the film's philosophy-spouting voiceover.  The special effects utilized in "Alphaville are primitive by today's standards.  But in this case less is more, and the low-tech quality of those various effects, however nonsensical, contributes to the film's status as an experimental classic.  And several shots of Paris at night--by themselves--are beautiful to me, even if we're supposed to be in Alphaville.  Point being
 I love this film, though despite that the many times I have seen it, I am not sure I totally get it.  A privite dic in 1965 fights a totalatrioan society and falls in love with a girl. Ok. Where are they? Paris? Earth? Or is this man moved to another planet.  Well, despite my comprehension gap--which  is good because I have an excuse to keep watching it- I love the free wheeling narritive and the wierd effects
 As someone observed earlier, Leonard Maltin is anything but an educated reviewer. His opinion, as well as other seemingly reputed reviews (see  Video Hound's Golden Movie Retriever ), comes from a certain culture, best embodied by the Texas resident below.  Alphaville  is, simply, a masterpiece, and represents in many ways the peak of an evolution in cinema, where movies truly become a form of art and accomplish catharsis, beyond the  pure entertainment  model. Stay away from it, though, if your favorite kind of film is  Dude, Where's My Car?  or if you think  Starship Troopers  is simply a slam-bang/special effects carnival.
 Are you afraid of death? This film toys with the big questions. I say what if a movie comes out that is totally strange and mostly incomprehensible. Does that mean it is a terrible film or downright bad? The answer to that question is no. I believe this movie could make complete and perfect sense in the far off future. In a different galaxy all movies might be similar to this one. Go to an art museum and they might be playing this on a Wednesday night. Think about it. We believe that we know number two because one plus one equals two. We forget that first we must know the meaning of plus.Furthermore..  Listen to me normal ones. We see a truth that you no longer see. A truth that says the essence of man is love and faith, courage and tenderness, generosity and sacrifice. Everything else is an obstacle put up by your blind progress and innocence.  Ask yourself
 Thousands of them in fact. Lucky for me, I only LOOK like an egghead.  Those looking for explanation, riddles and conundrums concerning "the meaning of life"; "the essence of reality", "being in the moment"; etc., need look no further. Alphaville is a master's masterwork. Deeper than a black hole, with more undercurrent than the ocean itself.  Beneath all the analogies and metaphors there's certain to be a parable somewhere.  Instead of merely trying some pompous, lame-brained, "I'm smarter than this Godard fellow, here's what he was saying exercise in intellectual masturbation, I will simply encourage you to view the film itself, preferrably in a quiet, uninterrupted atmosphere with a few puffs of choice herb. (&lt;--sure to attract a few negative votes from the petty bourgeoisie lol)  I would reckon nearly 90 percent of folks picked at random and given the chance to watch Alphaville would shut it off within the first twenty minutes. Some when they saw that it was in black and white, others when, to their disgust, they discovered that it was in French. Two percent would want to continue watching, as the show seemed to promise a bit of uncovered flesh, but would be bitterly dissuaded by the aggravating words and letters which kept constantly appearing at the bottom of the screen. Six of the remaining eight percent would watch the whole thing through, proclaiming afterword that it was indeed a "good movie, or even "kick-ahss", but, in reality, coming away from the experience totally at a loss about the meaning of what they had just seen. The remaining two eggheads would be left to argue it out amongst themselves in alternating tones of subtle diplomacy and vehement outburst-- leaving the pure, unadulterated genius of the thing to evaporate into the cold, uncaring air of planet earth.  Observations
 Every once in a while a director creates something that redefines how we look at film.  A director can wait his whole career to be handed one of those `defining' type films, a film that changes history.  It changes the way we look at film and the way we look at that particular director.  Jean-Luc Godard made a career out of creating those types of films.  The reason he is my favorite director of all time is just that, he challenged himself to create something fresh and creative and vibrant with life with each outing, redefining his aesthetic to fully capitalize on his genius.  It is very rare to find a director who is that in touch with his own imagination.  I will make this statement though, with regard to Godard in general; he is not a director for everyone.  He is, much like Kubrick and Bergman, a very visual and artistic director.  He makes movies for the cinephile; the lover of all things artistic and creative.  His movies are not mainstream, for he constantly reinvents the wheel and delivers something new and fresh and `abnormal'.  `Alphaville' is just that; abnormal.  `Alphaville, une Etrange Aventure de Lemmy Caution' tells the story of private-eye Lemmy Caution as he makes his way to Alphaville, another planet in itself that is run by a computer known as Alpha 60.  Alpha 60 relegates and is and is not acceptable for mankind, serving as a ruthless protector of the human race.  Words and emotions are banned almost daily in order to create a lack of free-will among the people, making them easier to control.  Lemmy's mission is not entirely known, but his presence in Alphaville is one of concern and caution.  What Godard does here may not seem, on the outset, to be all that mind-blowing, but his approach to the genre is really a fresh take, even from today's standards.  Hollywood is so obsessed with making the future something flashy and bizarre, with flying cars and robots everywhere and weapons that look like something out of a videogame; but truth be told, the future just isn't that complex.  Godard created something that is, realistic, and thus delivered a poignant picture of the future.  Yes, there are robots but it is a stunningly authentic approach to the concept.  If you didn't know it was set in the future you would never have guessed it since it looks like your standard 50's crime noir.  The genre mixing is another trademark of Godard's and something that makes `Alphaville' so special.  It is one minute a sci-fi thriller, the next a pulp crime noir, the next a romantic drama; and each shift is effortless and effective.  The film touches upon the importance of individuality and the fact that we can and do take our free-will for granted.  The populous in Alphaville have no regard for what makes them human, for what is ordained by the greater power is obviously in their best interest, but how can it be for the greater good if it is forcing you to give up the very essence of humanity?  The acting is all right on the mark.  Eddie Constantine has that down trodden grungy feel down pat, and Anna Karina is remarkable as Natacha, the young woman who falls for Caution and his ideals.  Her naivety is matched beautifully by her seductive qualities that elevate her character above the mechanical human beings that walk on and off the screen.  She is a beautiful woman and a stunning actress and I'm thankful that Godard used her so often (and married her, but that's his own business).  `Alphaville, une Etrange Aventure de Lemmy Caution' is not a film for everyone, but it is a film that everyone should see.  If you are a fan of the genre (any of the ones incorporated here, but especially sci-fi) then I really suggest you give this one a look.  When I think about science fiction there are a few films that really pop out to me as defining the genre and the turns it has taken.  `Blade Runner', `A.I.' and `Alphaville' are at the top of the pack.
 One of the two greatest science fiction films ever made. (Read all of my reviews to figure out the other.)  A near perfect visual and conceptual feast, an iconic figure in Eddie Constantine's Lemmy Caution, a perfect blend of the 20th century's great genres S.F. and the detective novel.  (Not that Lemmy does much detecting, but, hey, its the spirit of the thing.)  Heavy sub-text on the importance of words.  Bet Noam Chomsky would like it if he saw it.  Obligatory absent DVD complaint
 A poetic &amp; hilarious homage to silent German expressionist cinema. Well worth watching every five years.  If you can see a fresh B&amp;W print at a decent public movie theater, do so.  Wonderful  photography. Until then, video is OK.  And keep a good dictionary (ie   Bible ) by your side. It's a dark world; you'll need it.
 I was glad to see this on dvd.  Needed to upgrade the vhs.  I love all the characters in their short stories.  A real collectors' item.
 I saw this movie with the one of the main characters. Sharon Chudnow is amazing. She is my Drama Teacher/Musical Theatre teacher and I've learned so much from her about theatre. This movie was really good. I thouroughly enjoyed watching it.
 I was part of the cast and crew of this little gem, and I have never worked so hard or had so much fun as I did working on this movie. If you want to see a truly independent, no-budget film this is it! The reason I worked with Georg and want to work with him again is that I saw what he had done before. And the reason I want to work with him again is because this movie is wonderfully shot and masterfully edited. There is also some fantastic acting. Georg Koszulinski does the festival tour so keep eyes open for his next picture, shot in 16mm.
 A remarkable feat.  This is an encredible film done by a truely talented writer/director Georg Koszulinski.  Set in the future, Georg takes a mininalist approach to film making which grabs you by the gut and creates a feeling of horror without the shock and gratuitous violence often associated with such films.  If you are a film buff or just curious, Blood of the Beast is one film you should not miss.  Warning....do not venture in with the idea that this will be a slick, made to order Hollywood adventure.  Rather, set back, relax and enjoy a great film.  You will be pleasently surprised  as I was, and looking forward to Georg's next film.  Look for him in the future, Georg  is one that will make an even greater name for himself.  If I am wrong, then let Blood of the Beast be a lasting memory to the Zombie legacy.  Great Film! Even Greater Director!
 What an amazing 2 disk concert!  All acoustic, Dave on piano once, what more could you want?  Oh and an interview with Dave and Tim about their beginings in a bar, sure you got it!  If you are a Dave or Tim fan, a must have!!
 Dave and Tim are amazing in this two-disc CD. This is the best live Dave I have ever heard. Almost every song on here is great. Love the neil young cover. stay or leave, out of my hands, down by the river, you are my sanity, and sister are my favorites, they are all beautiful.
 I was expecting a so so product Since Luther college was so good how can it really get much better.  But this CD is really good.  I mean really good. Its different than the other acoustic stuff they have done together but it has some excellent material in it.  I would have payed 40 dollars for a CD of this quality.  I have just about all the Dave Mathews CD's and this one ranks right up in the top 5 or 7 of them.
 I am a huge Dave Matthews Band fan and this CD is one of my personal favorites.  It is a live, acoustic, double disk or Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds.  The two put on a magnificent performance of DMB classics, new releases, and tasteful covers.  This is a must have for any DMB fan or any lover of acoustic music.  A work of art!
 If you like DMB or Dave Matthews at all... you will certainly LOVE this DVD! I cannot imagine it being much better. Dave and Tim are ON! The sound quality and the shots are fantastic! Intimate and grand at the same time. You'll probably want the CD once you see this, so do yourself a favor and buy both if a discount is offered.
 to all you morons giving this less than 4 or 5 stars because you think it is sub par to live at luther college, you are wrong.  i will admit those of you who made the comment about dave talking and crowd noise being more, you  are correct. there is far more talking and crowd noise.  but, how can you say this is sub par?  this cd has alot of songs that you probably never heard before. alot of these songs are not on any of his live discs. tim reynolds shines like a crazy diamond on this cd.  he is an amazing guitarest. the only reason why you people are giving this less credit than deserved is that you know what you were going to get!! when luther college came out back in the day, no one knew of tim reynolds and no one knew how good dave's music would sound with out the actual band.  i think this stuff sounds soo good even without the actual band.  i perfer this over luther because there are more unheard songs on this disc. plus an amazing version of grave digger.
 This DVD is wonderful. It has great cinematography and sound. Even my husband enjoyed it and he is not usually a DMB fan.
 fantastic set!  wish i was there when they had this session.  i am so addicted to the Cornbread song.  It's hard to pick a favorite song that they performed but dave and tim do such a great job together.  can't wait for a new studio album.  keep up the good work dave and tim.
 It is a testament to Dave Matthews' songwriting skills when he can strip them down to their basics, and not lose the feel for these remarkable songs, Lie in Our Graves being perhaps the finest example in this intimate set.  Of course, it doesn't hurt having Tim Reynolds adding color to the songs with his remarkable range of strings.  I really enjoyed this 2-disc set, as the Dave and Tim seemed wonderfully relaxed, exchanging licks and drawing some beautiful rhythms out of the songs, including some folk ballads and covers of Neil Young and Daniel Lanois.  Dave even takes a turn on the piano at one point.  There is a political undercurrent running through the songs, with Dave and Tim occasionally making comments on the Iraq war and other issues that burn at their souls. But, it is the more poignant aspects of these songs that really stand out, as Dave seems to go back to his childhood in painting vivid portraits in the haunting song, Gravedigger.  There does seem to be an oddly fatalistic quality to many of the songs, coming from a man at the peak of his career with what appears to be many good years to come.  Matthews is one of the great songwriters of his generation and whether with his band or in intimate settings like this one, his songs resonate to those who have grown up listening to his music.  He has amassed a strong following, as witnessed by the many live albums now available, showing that he gives as much as he receives, in allowing his listeners to experience his shows like this remarkable performance at Radio City Music Hall.
 Love it, love it, love it! I am a huge Dave Matthew's fan, whether he's with the band, solo, or Tim Reynolds, which is the case here. Great song choices, great sound. Dave's voice is always unfailing, even live. Beautiful guitar by Tim Reynolds too. Some of the greats on this cd. "Stay or Leave", my all time favorite, "Crush", and of course the old goodies "Crash and "Two Step". Highly recommended!
 So glad I bought it.  Almost as awesome as Dave & Tim live at luther college, but it's up there.
 deserves a 5 for many reasons, but especially for his powerful rendition of The Maker. His version is beautiful. Several of the songs on this work have appeared in various incarnations on other discs. What makes Dave so amazing is how he manages to breathe new life into songs that have now become classic. Each listen becomes an extraordinary experience, as if he takes you through familiar territory while bringing you into higher and higher states of bliss.
 This is a great balance of songs ranging from full band to Dave's solo bits to Tim's amazing concoctions.  I thought the performances were flawless from both guys and the quality of the show well exceeds Luther College (which is great in its own right).  Could listen to The Maker until the cows come home...
 This is by far Dave's best live album to date... even better than "Live at Luther College". Tim Reynolds is amazing once again.
 Although not as good as the Luther College cd, this cd is another great live album by one of the most talented artist of this generation, Dave Matthews. I don't think that Tim shines on this record as he does on Luther College. In the end, this is yet another 5 star release by Dave.
 I have a 100 inch screen, a Panasonic AE 4000 U projector, three Adcom amps, Klipsch KLF-30's, Klipsch center, Klipsch rears, Blu-Ray player, Pioneer Elite receiver, Dayton Titanic sub. I built this system for Blu-Ray concerts. No little plastic crappy speakers in my Concert Room. I own tons of concerts. This is BY FAR the best concert I own. I am a Dave and Tim fan, not as much as others, but I religiously watch this concert weekly. The 1080 resolution, Tru-HD, 24P, Radio City Music Hall, man, it just don't get any better. The sound is amazing. When people come over to check out the system, this is absolutely the disc that goes in. For $22, you will get your moneys worth, guarantee. My #1 on the disc? Old Dirt Hill. 2 acoustic guitars, how is my question, incredible.
 I wish he wouldn't try to mix politics with his music (like the rant about the Iraq war) but other than that, top-notch stuff and one of my favorites of all time.  "Crush is worth the price of admission alone!
 I am a huge DMB fan and this concert has the best versions of my favorite songs as well as great new songs!!
 Excellent DVD that sounds great in surround sound. A lot of personality is portrayed, and their chemistry is easily seen on stage. Highly recommended for the acoustic lover.
 Title
 I bought this for my wife, who has been to MULTIPLE Dave concerts. We put this Blu-Ray Disc into our <a href="http
 In the new age of blu-ray, this is with out the best ref-guide material out to date.
 This DVD is sensational! What talent, great music,  excellent video quality!  A must have if you love the acoustic side of Dave!
 Dave matthew and Tim Reynolds Live At Radio Music Hall. This is a cd not to miss if you are Matthews and Reynolds fan. In fact its not a cd to miss if you enjoy accustic guitar. If you were lucky enough as i was to go and see them this year on tour, it brings back memories of a great show.  If you didnt sit back and enjoy.  Soak it up. Close your eyes and you will be there. Great cd, beautiful music, and a few new suprises on the way.
 This DVD is in many ways better than Live at Luther College.  For one thing, Dave and Tim have gotten much better since then and there are many more great songs that they perform.  Also, Dave does a lot more story telling during the performance filling the audience in on some incites he had when he wrote some of the songs.  Finally, as a lover of the Luther College CD, it was great to actually be able to see what Dave and Tim look like on stage together.  A must own for any DMB fan!
 What a passionate, revealing concert. Dave Matthews, in his own clever way, talks about a soldier who served in Iraq, and got screwed by the system; talks about the connection he has with his sister, which was beautiful; and  Tim Reynolds blows us away with his musicianship. What a moving, wonderful experience to share with us. Thanks Dave and Tim.
 First let me begin this review by saying I am just a casual fan of Dave Matthews. I have seen him live once and see why his band is such a big draw. I can only say for those on the fence about whether to pick this one; you will not be disappointed. The sound is friggin incredible (friggin meaning clean, undistorted, and jamming). It is mellow at points and full of so much good energy, soul, and chemistry at others. This is just me
 My daughter loves the DVD, it came when it was suppose to and in good shape, I can't think of another thing to write
 I'm really impressed.  Very very good blu-ray to listen to. Only 2 guitars ??? WTF sound so special.  Sound is rich, natural and audio quality is impressive, one of the best dvd blu-ray to own for sure if you like Dave Matthews.  Dave also make it fun to listen to.  A must to listen to !
 I am a huge fan of Dave Matthews and this DVD definitely did not disappoiont me.  Teamed with Tim Reynold made the concert way above all it could be.  Loved it!
 If you love Dave Matthews and own a Blue-Ray player, you should not pass this one up.
 If you are a DM fan, you will love this DVD with Tim Reynolds. My only beef is I wish I had been there live. Fantastic. Wonderful, terrific. What more can you say?
 If I had to choose a concert that I could see over and over; this it it. I loved it.
 If you like Dave Matthews, this CD is a must have. The acoustic performance by Dave Matthews & Tim Reynolds is nothing short of astounding.
 This is one of my favorite live CDs from Dave Matthews. But of course they are all great! 
 Simply the best...  "Down by the River is one of our favorites, but, it is all great...
 I was never much of a Dave Matthews fan before I bought this album. Every single track on this cd is breathtaking! This will go down as one of my all time favorites.
 I had no doubt that this would be a great performance. I was completely blown away with Blu-ray quality. The sound and video are excellent. The countless amount a viewing still amazes and astounds. Tim Reynolds is an awesome guitarist as well.
 Excellent HD concert, the sound and video are near top tier for Blu. If you like Dm this is a must have for you collection
 I was astounded by this performance and the sound received through my BluRay DVD player and surround sound system.  Dave Matthews gives it his all and Tim Reynolds is magical on the guitar. Do realize that it is all acoustical with no backup band.  None is needed.  Worth every penny.
 Absolutely the highest quality music recording I have ever heard.  I am not even a real Dave Matthews fan, but I was completely spellbound the entire concert.  This is a must for your Blu-Ray collection, if for nothing else, to impress your friends.
 I am a huge DMB fan and this is the best CD I have ever owned.....period.  Dave's cover of Neil Young's "Down By The River is worth the money you pay for this CD all by itself.  "Cornbread is another incredible track.  I can't overstate how important it is that DMB fans out there add this one to their collection.
 The music is great, Tim and Dave are awesome together!  Could do without Dave's political rants, but that's just Dave for you.
 Best Dave live Concert CD set you can buy!  Dave on piano once, great fingerpicking by Tim- just Awesome!
 <a href="http
 The performances by Dave and Tim are spectacular.  We can't get over how good this DVD is.  Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy!!!
 This is an unabriged version of the show Dave and Tim put on at Radio City Music hall.  I'll assume that the only thing that may have been edited out was Dave's coustomarily long pauses between songs.  That being said both disks come in at two and a half hours.  This album contains some great "Dave Speak or odd rambling that he tends to engage in at shows.  It is amazing how much sound two guitars and Dave's vocals can make.  After listening to "Luther College for the firt time in awhile both Dave and Tim have grown as musicians.  Tim's guitar work wanders into the surreal and Dave's improvision on vocals keeps you guessing on each track.  The overall fullness of the sound is impressive.  I would highly recomend this to any fan who enjoys live albums.
 A great show with a lot of good musics. The partnership between Dave and Tim is something beautiful to see!! Especially in the "Lie in Our Graves"! One of the most incredible music I have seen/ heard!!
 I have been a Dave Matthews fan for about eight years and have to say this is one of the best performances I've ever heard. From "Bartender to "Two Step the intesity never lets up. The way these two guys seem to connect when they're on stage is truly amazing. I would recommended this DVD to anybody.
 This double cd has quickly become one of my favorites.  I was never a DMB fan until I heard this album.  I particularly enjoy the the "unplugged style. I could do without some of the political commentary, but otherwise an excellent performance.
 This concert was amazing. The two of them are a perfect compliment to each other. Wow!! Could they play!
 If you enjoyed Dave and Tim in the Live at Luther College venue, you are in for a treat!!  This is my favorite way to enjoy Dave Matthews - with Tim Reynolds.  They are masters - both of them.
 Great DVD got it last night. Definitely In the top 3 best with central park.
 Great video & sound quality. Awesome set list, (some from "Some Devil album). Dave & Tim, need I say more. Buy it if you're a fan of the Lutheran College CD.
 I am primarily a classic rock fan. Im 26.  Been around Dave fans for awhile now.  I own a burned copy of Busted Stuff and I own this record. Thats it.  Ive seen dave 4 times.  And this is the only DMB record I have ever purchased.  I always cringed at the Red Rocks era stuff.  it seemed so meaningless, immature, and self-indulgent.  and the fans were so pushy about it.  I Absolutely HATED SATELLITE and SPACE BETWEEN and ANTS GO MARCHING and TRIPPING BILLIES and Many Others...  BUT THIS RECORD IS DIFFERENT THAN OLD DAVE MATTHEWS... This music right here really puts Dave Matthews into the realm of artist with a message.  Thankfully, he shows some real subtlety and some real grit on this album.  I would recommend it to any fan of rock music and believers in the message of rock music.  The "Dave Speak as old fans call it is what Rock And Roll is all about.  It bothers me some of his fans think he should "shut his mouth about the atrocities being committed in the name of USA.  I like how he is reaching out to people like me who dont like to just bounce around like a hippy (or yuppy) but want to be a part of his music.  Cornbread is the perfect song to do it.  If your like me and would rather be listening to John Lennon or Bob Dylan, check out this record, and you'll be surprised.  Honestly, Tim Reynolds brings out the soul in Dave's sometimes "fluffy rock tunes.  I hope his old fans who prefer the "safe Dave Matthews come to their senses and trade in their suburbans for hybrids.  "If you know what I mean, then god bless you. - Sonic Youth
 This is my first experience with a Dave and Tim show.  I must say, it is nothing short of spectacular.  There is a chemistry between them that is incredible.  I think this is the best I've ever seen and heard Dave. I'm just sad that I wasn't there that night.
 This DVD is amazing. Dave is such a great artist and Tim backs him up very well.
 With lossless 5.1 24-bit/96kHz Dolby TrueHD, uncompressed 2.0 24-bit/48kHz PCM and a high bit-rate pristine VC-1 1080p picture, this marks not only the first time a Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds show is being released on a video format, but the first time we have a lossless high resolution surround mix of these two great musicians. You can read the tracklist to see what is on this disc. D+T shows are always pretty special if you're lucky enough to get one. Is the difference worth spending $3 more than the DVD? Only if you have a Blu-ray player or a Playstation 3, then you would be foolish to NOT buy it. Even if you don't have an HDTV the high bitrate VC-1 encode will look far superior at 480i on a standard television set than the DVD will. If you do pick this up, get ready to experience Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds like never before. As Peter Bracke said on High Def Digest about this release "the TrueHD is without a doubt the best audio presentation I've yet heard on a next-gen release. I mean it -- it's that good. Do you hear that people? The best audio presentation of any Blu-ray or HD DVD disc to date. Enjoy. =D
 OK OK While I'd like to say I'm a huge Dave fan, I will admit that unlike some of the people that will buy this CD, I only have been to 6 concerts and own 10-12 CDs including 5 live discs.  To most people that is a lot, but to Dave Matthew addicts that might not.  I know that there are some people so obsessed that they probably have all 54 or so albums (90% of them live) that have been released.  That being said I have to say that this album in my opinion is well deserving of a 5 star rating for the following reasons
 I recently had a Pioneer 6010FD, Denon 4306 AVR, and Samsung BDP-1200 installed.  I put this disc in to demo the new home theater setup for my wife.  To say she was blown away is an understatement.  My AVR doesn't decode TrueHD.  However, the PCM 2.0 was incredible.  The clarity of the music was unbelievable.  The music just seemed to fill the room and take your breath away. Sound seemed to be coming from everywhere.  The video wasn't shabby, either.  In 1080p you could even read notes that Dave had written on his hand.  If you want to showcase your new system, this disc is tops for showing the capabilities of the audio and does a fantastic job with the video as well.
 This concert is outstanding.  The quality is amazing.  This DVD has the BEST sound quality of any previous release.  The camera work is great.  I have been a huge fan of the Dave Matthews Band since I heard "What Would You Say on the radio back in the early 90s.  I thought Live at Luther College was wonderful, but Live at Radio City Music Hall shines in many many ways.  The sound is really like being there.  Even the video quality is extremely clear.  The track listing is nearly perfect for a newer release.  Not too much old stuff, not too much of the crappy stuff, and some excellent new material.  I have to say how wonderful it is to witness Tim Reynolds play the guitar.  I've only imagined it since their last release in the late 90s.  To not only hear him, but see him play will leave you with your mouth open.  To hear Dave tell the stories he has to tell is a real treat.  I always enjoy his ramblings, because sometimes, even if they seem like they aren't going anywhere, they always end up of some importance to the next song.  The story about "The Bushmen is entertaining and interesting as he goes into Eh Hee.  Also the performance of Crush could be the most moving version I've ever heard.  Overall, I this should be on the top of any fan's list of what to buy.  If you're choosey about buying the many live discs the group puts out, buy this one without second thought.
 I hadn't given Luther College a listen in a long time before picking up this brand new Dave/Tim release. When I placed the CD in the player, the first track, a haunting version of "Bartender", immediately conjured up memories of what it was to sit down on a dark night and pop-in Luther College for some mood music.  That's not to say that Live at Radio City is a purely nostalgic piece. The memories of the past were soon overtaken by the glory of the present, as Radio City easily stands on its own not as Luther College's "little brother so to speak, but as its equal.  This can be credited to Radio City's unique song selection - only 4 of the 26 tracks presented here are on the previous Dave/Tim release. The unique tracks include Dave and Tim versions of songs from the DMB albums LWS/Busted Stuff, Before These Crowded Streets, Stand Up, and from the Dave solo album Some Devil.  There are also a few covers of Daniel Lanois songs, as well as one Neil Young cover, and Woody Guthrie's staple "This Land Is Your Land". And, of course, Tim plays a few of his own songs, which allows him to demonstrate the full capabilities of his guitar playing. And, if that wasn't enough, there are also a few unreleased Dave-penned songs here including "Eh Hee", "Cornbread", and "Sister, all of which are being played regularly on the current (2007) DMB tour.  Some highlights include a fantastic "Grace Is Gone (a song that seemed to be made for this type of setting), "Lie In Our Graves", the new song "Eh Hee", "Some Devil", "When the World Ends", and I like both of the Tim songs better than "Stream". And "Old Dirt Hill is actually kind've interesting here.  That's all I have to say. Happy listening.
 My friends and I grew up with Live at Luther. When I found out Dave and Tim were releasing a new show on video, I went crazy. Then I found out it was coming to Blu Ray, so I didn't buy the DVD and waited. My friends all bought the DVD the day it came out, and I couldn't help but cheat and watch it with them. I was amazed! My friend did not have surround sound but did have a 42 LCD, and the picture was great for a DVD. This got me so excited to see what the Blu Ray would look like in HD. WOW! I am so glad I waited!!!  The Blu Ray has a perfect high def picture!!! On top of that, the Blu Ray features lossless DolbyTrueHD Surround Sound(96 kHz/24bit) and PCM Stereo Sound (48kHz/24bit), and I can honestly say it's the best sound quality I've heard on any concert disc. I have a nice 5.1 surround sound setup, and it's had many concerts played on it, but nothing like this!!! Compared to the DVD, I also noticed that when Tim speaks, it can actually be heard clearly on Blu Ray (and he says some pretty funny stuff). On the DVD, it just sounds like he mumbles. They might not have put his audio track on the DVD. The concert is incredible, the bonus material is incredible, and best of all, the quality of audio and video make the Blu Ray version of this show a must own for anyone with an HD setup and surround sound!
 I love chocolate, but when someone hands me a Godiva truffle, I know that it's even more special.  In that same way, I love Dave Matthews Band, but watching Dave and Tim play is something different.  It's a magical thing to watch two amazing artists doing what they love.  The concert is full of Dave's fun stories, and the DVD has fun extras as well.  This is a great DVD to own.
 Never has a concert captivated me like this one has.  The video is excellent, but it only takes a back seat to the awesome audio.  96kz/24-bit audio in Dolby TrueHD is the best audio I've heard in a musical recording.  Of course, the only thing that makes all of this worth it is a good performance, and Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds do a excellent job.  The perfomances sound superb and they are entertaining to watch.  The guitars are very spatial and seperated in the surround system.  Dave Matthew's voice is clear and sounds great.  I was expecting a full band, but what we have are two great guitar players and one of our generations most versatile vocalists.  A pleasure to own.  If you're in debate about getting this...stop!  Buy now!
 I hope we can see more Dave Matthews concerts on Blu-ray.  This is without a doubt one of the best sounding movies out on blu-ray.  If you have a home theater, you can close your eyes and honestly believe you are at the concert.  It is without doubt the best sounding disc Dave Matthews has ever released from a audiophile level.  Absolutely a must own if you have a stereo and blu-ray player and call yourself a dmb fan.
 If there is a better Blu Ray concert out there..... or a better live performance period.... I have never seen it. This show was recorded absolutely perfectly. Top notch production all the way around, top notch performance from Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds. I couldn't recommend this more. If you like Dave, you will love this.
 I recently purchased DMB in Central Park and really enjoyed it. The band jammed a lot and it is similar to the 2 DMB concerts I have been to. But there seemed to be something missing about that. While I really enjoyed it, I didn't love it. I did however LOVE DM and TR at RCMH.  First off the picture quality. I watched this on a 50 inch Plasma (only capable of 1080I not 1080P) but the picture is crystal clear. Considering this is a Blu-Ray, and Sony developed Blu-Ray, and Sony owns BMG (or are at least in partnership with them) this seems to be almost a marketing piece for what Blu-Ray can do. Filmed with 9 high definition cameras, the quality is amazing. The lighting on the stages only adds to it. Turn the lights down and watch this and be prepared to be amazed.  As for the audio quality, it too is very impressive. Not only is the recording as well as the presentation of audio on the Blu-Ray perfect, this is primarily an acoustic concert. it's just Dave and Tim playing and singing. There are no others here. The presentation is very clear and clean. The only time that is not the case is the first song in the first encore where Dave plays an electric guitar solo (and yes, there are two encores). The audio starts to get a little muddled (this is the sound from the guitar, not the way it was recorded).  As far as the content of the DVD, the music is great. There are a lot of the standard DM songs as well as a few I haven't heard him do before. Dave also talks a fair amount before some of the songs. While some of the background on the songs is nice, DM seems to be "out there if you know what I mean when speaking. His dialogue personally makes me like him a little less but that's just my personal opinion. But once he starts to sing, he is once again amazing.  There are also a couple of TR solos which are classic TR and had me pressing the back button to watch again. I keep saying it but it truly is amazing.  On Disc 2 there are a couple of items to check out. The photo montage is actually pretty cool (but I also do a lot of photography). It's only 4 or 5 minutes long so it's worth watching even if only 1 time. I started to watch the documentary (about 45 minutes). While it did shed a little light on how TR and DM met, I was again turned off by DM. I ended up stopping the documentary and watching the concert again. But that's totally fine as I didn't buy this for the documentary.  If you have a blu-ray player and a good 5.1 system, you simply can not go wrong with this disc. If it's actually possible to wear out a Blu-Ray, this will be the first one I need to replace.
 Let me start this off by saying that I would pay a ridiculous sum of money to Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds live. I've seen Dave Matthews Band play several times, but this act has eluded me. With their previous release, "Live at Luther College, being one of my favorite albums, I was very excited to see a new release come from the acoustic duo. Needless to say, I am very pleased and satisfied with this release. It is a good combination of old DMB favorites, "Some Devil songs, and new songs that I hope will be on the new studio album (particularly "Eh Hee and "Cornbread.") My only complaint is the plugs about the war in Iraq. Everyone is entitled to their opinions and Dave Matthews can say whatever the hell he wants in concert, however just don't put it on the live release. Not that I am not interested in the fate of U.S. soldiers injured in Iraq because they are truly our finest, but there is a time and a place for everything. When I am listening to "Live at Radio City, I want to unwind and only think about the incredible music Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds can make, not hear about all the doom and gloom that is going on in our world today. So, that's my rant, and thank you Dave for putting out this release. I hope there is more to come from you, Tim Reynolds, and DMB.
 While I am a casual fan of DMB, I have always enjoyed his work with Tim Reynolds. This DVD is absolutley one of the best purchases I have ever made. The performances are stunning, the musical connection between Reynolds and Mathews is unbelievable and borders on clairvoyant. The song selection and production are among the best of any concert DVD I have purchased and as I watch I am constantly saying "how does he do that about Reynolds guitar prowess.
 Words hardly describe this performance. I have been a long time fan Dave Matthews' music. In order, my opinion would be this, Dave Matthews Band studio recordings are
 I am already a Dave Matthews fan. I wanted a Blu-Ray concert Disc that would not only serve as a reference disc and show me how good concert sound could be on Blu-Ray, but I wanted a consumate Dave Matthews acoustic performance. This disc is is just two guys, Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds. I'd never heard of Tim Reynolds before, but assumed Dave would only perform with the best. I am also an acoustic guitarist. Tim's playing was very fine. But I must admit he's not my favorite. He does some nice work with Dave, but this disc is a showcase for Dave Matthews. I've never heard Dave talk so much and he's very funny, entertaining and demonstrates both depth, as well as child like innocence besides being a real goofball. He was incredibly entertaining. The sound was as good as I've ever heard, the setting was stunning and the video was simply outstanding and entertaining in every way. Highly recommended!
 I bought this CD version of this concert shortly after it was released and loved it. I recently bought an HDTV (Sony KDL-40W3000 40 1080p LCD) and wanted to test out the BlueRay feature of the Sony PS3 I bought over the summer. I couldn't think of any BlueRay disk I'd rather own.  Although I had heard every track from the performance several times, the entire concert was extremely entertaining. The camera work is great. The clarity (both audio and video) is the best I've ever experienced. And the music is... well, if your fan, and I bet you are... fantastic.
 I own several concert DVD's / Blu-rays and SACD's  - Bruce Springsteen - Seager Sessions - Dido - James Taylor
 I own many Dave Matthews Band concerts on dvd. I like them all since I am a fan, but the picture and sound quality are never both excellent at the same time. Here, on blu-ray, I finally am experiencing the best of both. Dave and Tim play at Radio City. Basically, an unplugged concert with two excellent musicians playing guitars. Dave does talk some in between songs. This is a pleasant surprise.  It is a long concert, but is very enjoyable to watch and listen to because of the high definition picture and sound. A must have for diehard fans and also a good choice for those who don't know anything about Dave Matthews.
 Amazing.  Better then Luther College and it takes some doin to do that.  If you are a Dave Matthews fan then you have to buy buy buy buy buy buy!
 So much has been made of how great the image quality can be with Blu-ray, and this disc does not disappoint. This is a concert however, and this disc absolutely sets the standard for audio quality. The TrueHD surround simply has to be heard to be believed. Such clarity of sound with spatial detail I've only heard at an actual concert. Add to this that the performance itself is incredible and the mix of the 2 guitars and Dave's vocals is perfect. As much as I like DMB, I really prefer Dave in a stripped down format like this. Tim brings it to another level. Clearly a must have for the Dave Matthews fan, but even more so for any one that wants to really show the capabilities of a quality Blu-ray system. Simply spectacular...
 My title pretty much sums it up.. If you really call yourself a fan of Dave Matthews, there is no question about purchasing this.. Dave and Tim epitomize true rock and roll love.. the passion they play with oozes into your living room.. I have a sharp aquos 42 inch 1080 LCD TV with full dolby 5.1 and I thought I was having a personal jam session in my living room. This is the best DMB item I have ever purchased (and I own every single album).
 Watching this DVD is an almost transformational experience. I am very new to Dave Matthews and the DMB, but this DVD is absolutely wonderful. I would expect that almost anyone would enjoy this DVD. I was initially put off by some of the reviews that were peeved about Dave talking too much between songs. I was actually afraid to buy this DVD because I thought that too much talking would be a bad thing. I went ahead and bought the DVD and was VERY happy that I did!  I agree that he can get wordy, but there is only one place in the concert that is a bit distracting; when he talks about his 'African' experience. Even this story is fine within the context of this particular concert. This concert DVD has such a nice atmosphere and actually draws you into the music. Now that I've seen the DVD several times, the talking is not distracting, but part of the concert experience. Of course, seeing this live would have been an absolute treat because it is really cool when musicians tell the audience what is on their mind.  I have the music CD of this concert and the 'African' story is deleted. This is much better when listening to only the music. I wholeheartedly recommend both the DVD concert and the CD. I own a lot of DVD concerts and this might be my favorite.
 I'm a huge Dave Matthews Band fan and I must admit I was a bit skeptical about a Solo album. The band is so awesome, could Dave still perform at that incomparable level without them?? I heard so much about Tim Reynolds, would just another acoustic guitar be enough for my tastes in music? This I had to hear it, and I'm so glad I did.. This a must try DVD..   When you first put this on you learn rather quickly that Tim Reynolds is not just another acoustic guitar player.. It's like listening to acoustic guitar on steroids.. He's a master with those pedals and finger slide. Great Sound.. If you have a good sound system with your TV you will be blown away with the sound. My Bose 3-2-1 system never sounded so good.. Close your eyes and it feels like they are in the room with you.. I'm sure playing in a great place like the Radio City Music Hall with it's great acoustics instead of some outside venue has a lot to do with this..   The video quality is also excellent. Dave seemed a bit more intimate with the crowd than he normally is and he looked like he genuinely had a great time performing this gig.. The camera angles are great and the editing is superb.. I personally would rather watch this DVD than be front row center.. The disk says it was shot in HD but my HD DVD player would give me an error message saying in could not play in HD but converted to 480p instead. No big deal be cause it looked great anyway.. I'm wondering if a BlueRay disk player would work with it?? Maybe someone out there would try it and post a result..   In all this is a "GREAT DVD .. Even if your not a huge Dave Matthews fan you will be after viewing..
 Ive been waiting to get this concert for a while, and it was well worth the wait. This is not only the best concert ive heard, but if your a Dave Matthews fan it makes that much better. The Dolby True-HD track sounds Amazing! Well worth picking up for anyone with a blu-ray player and a decent stereo.
 Hands down the best Blu-ray concert out there. The audio and video are incredible. A must buy for Dave Matthews fans and even non-fans. I get shivers up my spine every time I listen to this concert.  Well worth the asking price.
 I am not a big Dave Matthews fan but WHAT A GREAT BLU-RAY SET this is. The audio and video are TRUE DEMO MATERIAL. I truly enjoyed the concert and Dave's little stories in between songs. I felt like I WAS THERE!
 I am never disappointed with a DMB album, and this is no exception.  The music is high quality and throughly enjoyable.  So listen to this disc when you are in the car, at work or anywhere that you can listen out loud.
 Video ------------------ 1080p, VC-1  Audio ------------------ English Dolby TrueHD 5.1  Main feature ------------------ Stunning.  With stunning video and audio, this is one of the finest releases on Blu-ray.  HD-DuD fans are drooling at the mouth right now, and rightfully so.
 This is the third time I have bought this concert (once on iTunes, the DVD, and now this), and I must say I love it more every time I watch or listen to it. Dave's songs are given a new flavor and Tim's wonderful and unique guitar-playing ability gets recognition. In the blu-ray release you will see and hear everything. You will see ever scratch on Tim's guitar, and every whisker on Dave's face. The audio includes a TrueHD track and is pitch-perfect. I cannot express to you how much you will enjoy this. This isn't a viewing, it's an experience. Lie back and enjoy.
 This is hands down the best up close and personal live show with Dave Matthews you'll ever see. Tim Reynolds is just unreal, and his creativity on the songs is something i've never witnessed before. This show is well worth any cost. It will remain a favorite of mine for a long time to come!
 So I've only watched about four songs so far, but let's talk about the audio. As others have said, it's awesome. The 96k version makes my speakers come to life. It's like they are musical instruments more than speakers. Some practically pull a muscle arguing there is no point in moving beyond the tried and true CD resolution of 44.1k/16 bit because no one can hear any difference. If you can't hear how transparent and buzz free this sounds compared to a CD, please ask your doctor for an audiology referral immediately. PS--I am not an audiophile, just an everyday music lover. Retina Display is great but let's see more Cochlea Display! 192/24 or death!
 What a treat to watch this DVD, a real class act from Dave and Tim. Highly recommended and enjoyable to watch, would purchase more on these two together..Awesome!
 One of my favorite Dave shows, the best rendition of Bartender period.  Great video, amazing audio, if you are thinking about getting it just do it; you won't regret it.
 One of the best disc sets you can ever purchase. A must have for DMB or guitar lovers! Tim and Dave are a great duo and such an enjoyable listen.
 I LOVE THIS CONCERT DAVE MATTHEWS AND TIM REYNOLDS ARE TWO INCREDIBLE MUSICIAN'S EVERY SONG ON HERE IS BEAUTIFULLY DONE IN AN ACOUSTIC SETTING AND THE AUDIO QUALITY OF THESE TWO DISC'S IS STUNNING THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE CONCERT'S ON BLU-RAY THAT I OWN.
 Tim Reynolds and Dave Matthews are such a great duo, and the extra's on the CD were good for a laugh and offered some insight into who these two geniuses really are.
 Absolutely phenomenal live release. If you like Dave Matthews at all you will love this album. The only live album that beats it is Live at Red Rocks (1995).  #41 on this album is the best version available of this song (well, maybe its tied with Live Trax 2 - San Francisco).  Get. This. Album.
 If you love Dave Matthews this is a must have. Turn the lights off in the room, put the disk in, and it's like your at the concert. Picture is amazing and the audio is even better. I would give it a 6th star if I could
 Dave seems to be a pretty quiet guy. I, personally, like to hear musicians talk about their music. This concert has a very relaxed atmosphere and Dave tells some of the stories behind his songs. It is a great set for anyone who loves DMB and/or Tim Reynolds. I bought two copies after borrowing it from Netflix, one for myself and one for my brother.
 thank you for shipping it so fast. i could only watch it once and then i took it home all the way to germany. it is great!
 The BluRay is awesome, great audio and video. A must have for Dave's fans and a very good bluray concert to add to your collection. I'm pleased with this purchase.
 This concert captures Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds at their best.  Two guys on acoustic guitars in sync displaying their amazing musical creativity.  Dave Matthews does all the talking in this video and if you've ever heard him speak, the guy oozes with creative artistry...no matter what he's doing be it music or talking about his trip to Africa.  The video and audio quality of this video is also top noch.  It looks like film and the sound fills the room with a good system(I've got a Onkyo 805 and modified Monitor Audio RS-8's).  I've never before watched a video and felt the creative energy so alive as I do with this.  I'm mesmerized every time I put it on.  Enjoy.
 PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE, LET US, OVER THE POND, HAVE THIS SUPERB BLU-RAY DVD ON REGION 'B'. IT APPEARS ONLY TO BE AVAILABLE ON REGION 'A'. IF ANYONE WITH ANY KIND OF CLOUT HAS THE POWER TO REMEDY THIS THEN PLEASE DO SO.....YOU WILL MAKE A LOT OF FANS OVER HERE(UK)VERY VERY HAPPY.
 Perfect product.  Product arrived on time and in perfect condition. Excellent purchase and service.  Graciously  Leonardo
 If you are a Dave Matthews fan or just a fan of great music this is a must! Only downfall is I wish it was on 1 DVD as apposed to 2. Has some amazing Acoustic songs such as Cornbread, Eh-hee, classics like bartender, and crash into me, and some great guitar work by Tim Reynolds, I highly recommend this DVD, and if you want proof of how great this is,check out the song "Betrayal Love this- loads of Dave Matthews personality shines through in this live album. I found a new appreciation for him after listening to it for the first time. I listen to this album more than any of his others (I own all but the last album he put out).
 Dave Matthews fans and music fans in general will not be disappointed by this live acoustic recording.  Dave and Tim mesh their guitars together beautifully as Dave gives lends his heartfelt vocals to his classic songs.
 Quintessential Acoustic Guitar Concert!  Bought this as a gift for the wife.  She LOVES it!
 This is so good. It sounds so clear. Its the reason you get a blu ray player and nice speakers. You can hear every note like you have never heard before.  I have no clue why this isn't on the top 10 selling list.  Do your self a HUGE favor and get this. Then get 3 more and give them out. Most used blu ray we have... by FAR!  MORE PLEASE. MOREEEE BLU RAY DAVE!!!
 Real simple, if you enjoy Dave Matthews and own a bluray player, you need to own this disc.  Plus Tim Reynolds is an amazing guitarist.  Buy it, you'll be happy you have this in the collection.  It's nice having a small get together with this disc play in the background.
 This is an amazing concert, For anyone who is even remotely a Dave Matthews fan this is a most buy. Tim and Dave together I believe is one of the best duos of all time. I hope i get the chance to see them in concert together
 This was a great concert and sitting through the blu-ray makes me really wish I had been there.  I've always been a sucker for just a few guys and a few guitars and this blu-ray is a perfect example of that.  Dave Matthews is great as always but the true standout is Tim Reynolds.  Tim may be one of the most talented and underrated guitarists of his generation.  Somehow Tim has the ability to make his one guitar sound like 3 or 4 with the skill that plays.  The concert would be good enough on it's own, but the icing on the cake is the production value of the Blu-ray.  The video is almost to a point of being unnecessarily good, you can see the individual hairs on the guys heads on the closer shots.  The very best part of the blu-ray is the sound.  The blu-ray offers Dolby TrueHD and PCM audio at 96 KHz/24 bit.  I honestly didn't think it would make all that much of a difference, but the audio is the most spectacular that I've heard on any blu-ray or any concert cd, or even any concert that I've ever been to in person.  If you're a fan a just good old fashioned acoustic guitar music and have a blu-ray player with a decent sound system pick up this blu-ray, you won't be disappointed.
 this album makes me dance. it is simply BEAUTIFUL - if you are a Dave fan, this is the Best....... of the best.... and i can't get over Tim Reynolds...he is absolutley magical. * * *
 if you like dave matthews and acoustical, you'll love this. Tim Reynolds is simply the best!
 As promised, the cd was in good condition and I recived it on time. Thank you.
 The audio and video are superb. You ARE sitting inside these guitars. Its amazing. Put it on a 100 inch or bigger screen in HD with high resolution audio, and its pure heaven.
 I love DMB so I have a bias to his music.  This concert is great but the Blu Ray picture and sound quality of this are UNBELIEVABLE!  Amazon's price is the best and you won't be disappointed!
 I previously only knew of Mr. Matthews from what I heard on the radio and I'd never heard of Mr. Reynolds.  My husband and I lucked into some cheap tickets for their show in Vegas and were blown away by the experience.  Consummate musicians!  So I ordered this CD and was very pleased with it.  Excellent introduction to their music, or if you're like most of the audience who knew all the words to the songs, you'll love it too.
 Well i own this on DVD not blu-ray but the sound and the atmosphere of Radio City is just beautiful. Tim is  amazing as he makes it seem, if you close your eyes, that there are more than just 2 people playing. Dave is brilliant as always. His voice brings chills on most tracks such as "So Damn Lucky and "Crush". You will not be disappointed with this purchase.
 I've thought for some years that Dave and Tim make a great musical duo. This DVD is simply fantastic. No big band, sax, keys, drums yadda yadda just straight up good guitar and vocals. Blu ray makes it all that much better.
 This concert is just magical, Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds are perfection together. I've seen many musicians play the acoustic guitar but Tim Reynolds is a master! What he can do with a guitar is magical. You will not be disappointed purchasing this concert dvd, trust me.
 Concert itself
 This is a review for the blu-ray edition.  I've never been a big Dave Matthews fan and I've only heard [of] Tim Reynolds a few times. Watching this concert made me really appreciate the amount of talent and passion for music they both have.  Audio quality is superb. The concert comes with 3 sound options
 Well, I should have bought it cd version instead of the blu ray. This is only me personal comment, to save some cash. Im sure the cd version's audio part is just as good its blu ray disk version.
 I wanted to showcase my Home Theatre and I never got the perfect blend of audio and picture until now. This Blu-Ray shines. The picture is crystal clear and the audio and indescribable. I love this concert on DVD Blu-Ray. I was using the EAgles DVD, Hell freezes over to showcase my system. It was good but it was not HD audio , this is and the difference is hugh.
 I have a decent collection of BluRay titles and this is one that I most frequently demo. The sound quality is crystal clear, with so much detail that you truly are there. The picture quality is also fabulous, with much detail even in the dark areas. Highly recommended.
 Great show and great sound.  "Two Step at the end will blow you away. I'm surprised Tim's guitar strings didn't explode and take out two rows of the audience with that one.
 I'd gotten this for my fiance, who LOVES it for a Dave Matthews (minus the Band) performance.  What he and Tim Reynolds do together is nothing short of amazing, but of course she prefers the sound of the entire band.  This created a whole new level of appreciation for me, but if you're expecting the complete sound of DMB this isn't for you.
 You get the entire 2.5 hour concert live from Radio City Music Hall in New York City. Its just like being there. I've been there so I know. The concert is acoustic, with both Dave & Tim playing acoustic guitars. It's "informal", you get to hear them tell stories about their songs, and their history. Also, both are great acoustic guitar players. Tim even plays some "slide guitar play & Dave is an excellent vocalist. This dvd contains 21 Dave Matthew's classics on disc one. Plus another 5 classics on disc two. Then you get a bonus feature of a 46 minute behind the scenes documentary.  This is a great 2 disc dvd, and I highly recommend it. Thanks!!!!
 I highly recommend this Blu-Ray disc.  The video and audio quality is superb and the performance is second to none.  Dave spends a lot of time talking to the audience between songs and the stories he tells are incredibly interesting.  This is a must for any Dave fan.
 Just amazing, the quality of video, sound, camera angles and such is by far the BEST concert reproduction ever. I actually think the sound is way better than if at the concert itself. Weather a fan of DMB or not, this is a must for the people that appreciate accoustic guitar, Tim and Dave make a great pair. I do not love DMB, too much noise, over produced. But this, simple, elegant and powerful. I purchased several, some sent as gifts. thanks Dave and Tim, this was great
 Live At Radio City with Dave Matthews & Tim Reynolds is one of the best acoustic performances you'll find. There is over 3 hours of material on this disc, and over 2 hours of the concert as well.  Personal favorites of this concert include the 9-minute rendtion of "Dancing Nancies and the beautiful "Crush Tim Reyonlds is a master of making the acoustic guitar sound funky, sometimes haunting at times during this concert.  The latter half of the show seems even stronger than the first. "Cornbread", "Crash into me", and "Down By the River is a consecutive masterpiece.  The Blu-Ray looks great, sounds exceptionally well on a surround sound system, and will attract any music fan, familiar with Dave Matthews or not.
 This is coming from someone who was fortunate enough to go to this show and watch it live first hand. it was a marvelous experience. dave covered a lot of his mainstream hit songs, as well as some other less-familiar to dmb fans versions of other songs. overall this album and my feeling during the show itself was that it has a little darkish/somber ring to it. it wasn't all happy blissfull music, and dave seemed stuck on a theme. i also remember dave having a bit of a soar throat that night but the performance from both him and tim reynolds was terrific! the sound quality is great and the gives you some of the best acoustic music. some standouts were 'crash', 'bartender', 'crush' and 'out of my hands'.  I thought as a duo, the LUTHER COLLEGE album was a little better overall than this work, but any fans of soft acoustic music should definitely give this a listen.  Other great live concerts from DMB worth checking out - PIEDMONT PARK and CENTRAL PARK. But LUTHER COLLEGE is best.
 While I'm a big fan of DMB, for me it doesn't get any better than his solo-acoustic stuff (a la Farm Aid), or his acoustic duo's with Tim Reynolds (Guitar God).  I could go on and on, but just buy this DVD if you love music, particulary acoustic-guitar music.  You won't find anything better on acousic guitar.  I own MANY DVD concerts, including all of DMB's, Jack Johnson, Ben Harper, Johnny Cash......  and this one is by far my #1.  I put in on all the time, even just for background noise while I'm in the house.  It never gets old.
 Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds always put on a great show, this performance is no different. What makes this so fun to watch over and over is the quality of the video/sound. It's fantastic. You see so much detail, it's almost like being there. Minus the wonderful aromas... Blu-Ray was meant to deliver high quality video and audio. This one does. You will not be disappointed.
 Okay I'm a Dave junkie, I'll admit that. Yeah I have all the albums all the live stuff and of course most of the concerts I've been to. I've been to 49 of his concerts so far. Got another one this week and have another one the week after. Rough schedule I know.    I'm buying this AGAIN on Blu-Ray because it seems that some of my family members think that they deserve this more than I do. I pre-ordered it though the fan club and a week after having it, it was snagged. So instead of putting up a stink I'll get a new one.    But this is a great set and has a lot of my favorite songs on it. If your a fan this should be in your collection it's an excellent set. I've watched it maybe 78 times so far and not bored at all. It's a great flick to throw in while cleaning or sitting around drinking with friends.
 For being a casual Dave Matthews fan for many years, I thought this would be a reasonable purchase.  I have a large collection of concert DVDs and have decided to expand the collection to encompass Blu-Ray HD content playable on my Playstation 3 console. I was blown away by what this disc contains.  The high definition content and overall experience generated by this performance is truly spectacular! The audio track on this disc alone is enough to encourage anyone to purchase this title.  Stunning audio and video make this disc a favorite selection of mine time and again. Purchase with confidence.
 I got the CD for Live At Radio City for Christmas, and was so blown away by the performance I had to get the video as well. After reading several reviews stating how great the quality of the Blu-Ray was, I decided to splurge and go with it instaed of the standard DVD... Boy am I glad I did. Both audio and video are pristine, and it feels like you are right there on stage with Dave and Tim. Now if only there were a video for Luther College, I'd be much happier.
 As only a casual fan of Dave Matthews I wasn't all that excited about this disc at first.  Frankly, I bought it purely because it was Blu-Ray and had a high-def audio soundtrack as well.  Figured it would be a HT demo disc. Well it is- at least twice a week !!!  I love it!!  The video is awesome.  The black levels as shown on the new Pioneer Elite Kuros make it look almost 3-D.  The soundtrack dynamic range is quite good.  Rarely is concert audio in 5.1 BETTER than well-mastered stereo, but it is here. Now to the performance.  Great song selections.  The "music these two generate with acoustic guitars is astonishing.  Tim Reynolds is awesome.  Let's just say I have purchased every disc of his now available. It's truly a disc you should buy.  You won't be disappointed.
 When I go to a DMB concert, I am almost always disappointed with the crowd. The last concert in Gainesville FL was a prime example, with the trashed kids next to us yelling out "Play something we know! every time he ventured into new territory. To the many people who bad mouth his new music and only want to hear the old "Crash Into Me songs, I say, open your ears. How many artists have produced as many songs and toured as many months on end as Dave Matthews? The music on this CD is for people who appreciate the huge variety of music and talent he offers. No, I don't like every single tract, but the songs I don't like might be your favorites. This CD reminds me of the concert I'd like to attend. The acoustical guitar work is amazing. Tim Reynolds is awesome. Take this CD on a long car trip and enjoy the road.
 Not much to say apart from pure magic! What a concert! Video and Audio are amazing and the way the two musicians compliment each other is fantastic.
 A must for any Dave fan! Tim and Dave put on a fabulous memorable show.
 This CD is wonderful. I listened to it on my drive from Colorado to Chicago and I would play songs over and over. I highly recommend this CD. It's one of DMB's best live concerts!
 the dvd has some material that wasn't on the cd.  some shaky camera work but overall it was a great show.
 I agree with the other customers who think the original movie should never have been taken off the market. There are so MANY movies out that children should never see, but not this one. This movie shows how a little white boy CAN be friends with a black person. How a black man CAN be a positive influence on a white child. There's so much hate in this world that you would think that Disney would want to promote any kind of positive relationship between different types of people they could.
 I saw this movie as a child and enjoyed it very much. My mother is 72 and still hopes to live to see the day when it's released again so her grandchildren can enjoy it. Strange how you can buy any movie about the "hood and see people killing each other and calling names, or any movie about slavery and see how EVERYONE suffered, but put out a movie in which the slaves were treated kindly and loved and it's banned.  Write Disney and tell them you want to see it, even if it's a limited release, like they do with some of their other classics.
 I purchased the Sing-A-Long Songs, Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah, here in England in the mistaken belief it was a VHS of the film. I feel hugely disappointed that because of over-exaggerated political correctness children are now deprived of a wonderful story.  I saw this film in London when I was 11 years old and it has stayed in my memory ever since.  I now have a grandson and would love to purchase a copy for him, if only Disney would relent and re-release this splendid children's film. The world has gone completely PC mad.  How can it be O.K. to make and show extremely violent and vicious films depicting racial tensions and perversions yet deprive our children of this delightful, gentle and entertaining film.  Wake up Disney - please don't let the extremists dictate your policies.
 This gentle animation has and would delight children of all stripes and through its many characters and magical songs reminds us of kindly and cunning folks in history.  Should political correctness be used to ban books and history?  People are a lot smarter and a lot more sophisticated than the mickey mouse folks give them credit for
 fOR ANYONE TO THINK THAT THIS MOVIE IS POLITICALLY INCORRECT OR INCORRECT IN ANY WAY IS INSANE!!..THE &lt;JUNK> THAT IS PUT OUT NOW IN THE NAME OF "FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT CANNOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO THIS FILM!..I AM ANGLO (THAT'S WHITE FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO PREFER WORDS INSTEAD OF TRUTH!), I WAS RAISED IN THE SOUTH, AND I WAS RAISED BY A BLACK WOMAN THAT LOVED THIS FILM!..IT IS ALL IN THE WAY YOU LOOK AT THINGS AND AT YOURSELF..SO..WHERE CAN I GET A COPY..IF ANYONE KNOWS?
 ...or whatever (probably much lower) the burning point of celluloid and videotape might be.  Is Tom Ridge reading this?  Should I be afraid to state that I just received for Christmas a pirated version of Song of the South that has either Hiragana or Chinese subtitles for the songs?  I'm 57.  I saw the movie for the first time when I was just under 2 years old (and sang and danced through the last scene along w/ the kids on the screen - and nobody stopped me or told me to sit) and for the last time when I was about 13.  Its racial overtones turned me into a terrible person - it taught me that despite my whitebread upbringing I could be friends w/ black kids which I proceeded to do once in college, which, in turn, led me to move to Haiti for ten years where I studied anthropology at the university and learned that Uncle Remus is a "griot or village storyteller whose function is to pass tradition orally to the new generations and that those same stories are known and loved in the West Indies and in Africa.  The ultimate upshot - an almost 35-year interracial relationship which remains stable and strong.  God, yes, that's a dangerous movie.  Whatever you do, Disney, DON'T RELEASE IT!!  (And Tom Ridge, don't throw me in the briar patch - whatever you do).
 I don't know what all the fuss is about!  I am not a politically correct person.  I am a grandmother trying to show my grandsons what wonderful songs came out of such great movies produced by Disney.  All I know is that Disney should re-release such awsome movies so that future generations can admire and enjoy what they're parents grew up with.  I have most, if not all, of the sing along songs made by Disney on VHS and I would like them on DVD.  My children are successful in their careers and by no means did these movies do them any harm.  It taught them to enjoy beautiful music.  I agree with Mr. Willert, there are alot of unappropriate movies out there that should be banned but it seems that the most innocent, patriotic, no violence, no sex and certainly spiritual movies are the ones that are criticize the most.  And us as consumers, a majority, don't have a leg to stand on because of all the politically correct people, a minority, who have the power to decide what we should hear, see and believe.  So please go ahead and re-release all the sing along songs on DVD and believe me you'll have a alot of devoted customers for life (including me).
 Walt Disney did not decide to stop making it
 been searching for Disney Films for my grandaughters and was sooooo very sorry to hear that The Song of the South has been "blacklisted".  From my childhood I remember this wonderful story and the fabulous songs that I still hum today...We live in a world of multicultures and multihistories....The Story should be viewed as such and Disney should get over themselves about offending anyone. If anything this heartfelt movie depicts good, wisdom, humor and down right happiness.  How about fabulous story telling....who does that today.. Wouldn't you want your children to be exposed to that instead of all the blowing up, vulgur language crap being shoved at our youth today. Here's hoping that the powers that be at Disney see the light and release this wonderful folktale movie for a new generation.
 This is yet ANOTHER TERRIFIC purchase for my twin 3yr old princess lovers!!! They have SOOOO enjoyed this video (and yet NEVER saw the orginal movie - way before their time but us oldies love it tooo!)til its almost WORN OUT! Sure wish was available via DVD? GREAT ITEM!
 I have acquired this movie from elsewhere and have found it to be even more heart warming and loving than when I was a child. It depicts the old south in a fairly realistic way. My mother had Aunts and Uncles such as those depicted in the film. Even though it shows them threadbare there is plenty of love and caring to be had by all. They have made "Roots and "Root the Next Generation", "Amistad", "Malcom X and even "Shaft".  This is a great classic film that all should share and enjoy.
 I, too, am a fan of Song of the South, both the Disney book and movie.  I loved reading them aloud when I was a child and later as an adult.  It has been many years since I took my daughter to see the movie and was very disappointed that I could not find it available in any format for my grandchildren.  I would hope that Disney will re-release botht he book and the movie.  The Uncle Remus stories were true gems.
 I WONDER WHAT THE THE DESENDENTS OF UNCLE REMUS WOULD SAY TO THE ANTI SOUTHER ZIONEST MICHAEL EISNER IF THEY COULD CONFRONT HIM PUBLICLY? "WHY WONT YOU LET US WATCH DADDY OR WHY CANT WE SEE GRANDPA? SLAVERY HAS BEEN OVER FOR ABOUT 140 YEARS. YET THOSE OF US WHO HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT OR THOSE WHO WERE NOT SLAVES LIKE TO MAKE THOSE OF US TODAY ESPECIALY THE KIDS FEEL LIKE THEY ARE GUILTY OF ALL THAT ENDED OVER 140 YEARS AGO. FACE IT EISNER! THAT ERA HAPPENED BUT TO BAN A BEAUTIFUL FUN MOVIE LIKE SONG OF THE SOUTH IS INSULTING TO ALL OF THE ACTORS WHITE,BLACK AND MOST OF ALL, "TO WALT DISNEY HIMSELF TO WOULD HAVE TOSSED YOU OUT ON YOUR EAR YEARS AGO IF HE HAD STILL BEEN ALIVE WHEN YOU DESIDED TO PULL THIS BAN ON SONG OF THE SOUTH BACK WHEN YOU DID. WHEN CREEPS LIKE WILL SLIDE IN SOMETHING SUBLIME LIKE A SPLIT SECOND FRAME OF A CHARACTER GETING A RISE IN HIS LEVYS O SOME HIDDEN SEX WORD IN THE CLOUDS  OR SOME OTHER KIND OF PERV. SCENE THAT YOU EISNER GET AS GIDDY AS MICHAEL JACKSON IN A ROOM FULL OF FIVE YEAR OLDS THAT YOU EISNER SLID INTO A MOVIE FOR KIDS TO WATCH WHILE NOBODY NOTICED. SONG OF THE SOUTH IS ABOUT A BIG A INSULT TO BLACKS AS SNOW WHITE IS TO REAL LIFE DWARFS. IF YA THINK ABOUT IT, I WONDER IF THAT MOVIE IS NEXT ON EISNERS HIT LIST.  JUST A FEW THOUGHTS FROM A 39 YEAR OLD GEEZER WHO GREW UP GOING TO DISNEY LAND.
 I would highly reccomend this DVD to any animation fan. There are a few shorts that are not up to the others ("A Greek Tragedy", "Your Face") but there are no really bad selections. There are a few standouts, however. "The Great Cogniteo is a hillarious visual fest, from the guy who did the "Calafornia Raisans commercials; "Crac! a long but undeniably clever veiw of Montreal from the veiw of a rocking chair; "The Big Snit", and "The Cat Came Back", two Canadian shorts that contain more laughs than most feature films; and "Balance", a powerful claymation film, which seems to be making a statement against the Bush-area communisum threats. The DVD is worth it just for those selections. 10 out of 10 for whoever compiled this one.
 I bought this tape last sunday and I got it today. To the reviews they said that plymptoons would be on it. I watch it the middle I got it and no plymptoons on it.But their was the first Hey Arnold, there was a different in the cartoon they used claymation in the cartoon. Even though there wasn't any plymtoons on it there was great orginal material there. I would give this tape to some-one over the age of 8 because of questionable themes on it,but yet I don't under-stand why this tape is animation for adults stamped on it?  Great tape 5/5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bill Plympton's works are not for those people who like to see explosion in movies and who like to have distinct, obvious and relatively simple punchlines to their jokes. His brand of humour is subtle, and it seems to appeal to people with real brains to poke at. Very unique trademark animation style. This tape brings together the best and impossibly worst animations of one of animations foremost geniuses. (and even the worst ones are well worth it!)  If you like this, try migraine boy! Good all around!
 As stated on the back-cover of the video itself
 This is 5 stars if you are a true race fan. Otherwise, it's still an interesting story. This film is loosely based on Tom Wolfe's essay about the younger days of Junior Johnson, although for some reason they changed his name for the film. (Notice, though, that Junior himself was a paid racing consultant on the film.) The race footage is very well done and there is some good footage from the old Southern 500. Bridges and Busey are a lot of fun to watch together as well.If you like stock car racing and wonder what the old days were like when the sport was still developing, you'll love this film. Only pity is it's not on DVD.  (Also another great film (although a little cheesy) about the old days is 43 The Petty Story starring Darren McGavin as Lee Petty and Richard Petty as himself AND Dale Inman AND Buddy Baker!!! It is a classic look at the old values that are still carried forward in the sport to some degree. It also has some insight to what NASCAR was and what it has become..Some really good vinatge racing footage is also included.) Also a pity it's not on DVD...We need to prolong the life of these smaller "special interest films. Anyway have fun, great summmer stuff.
 I absolutely loved this movie!  If you have an interest in real life drama, getting over obstacles and above all RACING, then this movie is for you!  It shows the everyday struggle one goes through in their personal  life, as well as one's pursuit towards a dream.  This inspirational story  shows you the everyday obstacles someone in this sport may go through and  increases your interest and excitement with the sport as it is in today's  world.  I recommend this to everyone who lives and breathe NASCAR and other  forms of racing.
 This movie tells the story of a mountain boy who goes from runnin' moonshine to entering local demolition derbies and dirt races to earn money for his family.  Eventually, our Hero, Elroy Jackson Jr. makes it to the heights of the sport, although that is not covered in the movie.  Jeff Bridges is one of my favorite actors of all time, and I was elated when this movie finally became available on DVD.  Great story, great cast, great theme song ("I Got A Name performed by Jim Croce).
 I saw this movie a few times when it came out back in the day. Like being reunited with an old friend, with some extra cheesiness from a low budget movie such as this. Regardless, that is part of the charm. Great racing footage and you won't go wrong investing seversl bucks in this 70's stock car classic.  Go fast.... Turn left!
 Im a sucker for car movies. Jeff bridges is awsome in this true story about a moon shine runner that goes pro in stock car racing.
 Real good movie, lots of exciting moments and true happenings if you are really into yhe history of old school stock car racing
 The movie was entertaining but not great.  If you like old time racing and the beginnings of today's NASCAR, you will probably like this movie.  If your not a race fan, forget it.  Good transaction!
 Shows a good histoty of the beginnings of stock car racings with great original film clips.
 if you enjoy stockcar racing you will enjoy this movie. it has a decent story and unlike other racing movies it actually is accurately described.
 Don't expect a long review out of me (I watch only one or two movies a year) but i liked the hell out of this one
 this movie is loosly based on Junior Johnson's biography. I loved it since first seeing it in the drive in and am glad to add it to my collection
 great movie, but package is misslabled.  thier full screen is in fact 2.35 aspect ratio.  thier 2.35 is in fact 1.85. its really bad when movie companys cant figure this simple thing out
 This depicts how racing careers started years ago, and Jeff Bridges does an awesome job of showing a great motorsports movie.
 This is a performance film of probably America's greatest saloon singer, and it deserves some love. Bobby Short died just a couple of months ago at 78. He'd been a long-time fixture at New York's posh Hotel Carlyle, performing nightly six months of the year in the Cafe Carlyle. He had announced his retirement at the end of the season but was still packing them in. I suspect he knew he was dying of leukemia and simply refused to make a big deal of it. It wouldn't have been in his character. As a singer, he was the epitome of style and sophistication without any pretension.  "I think of myself, he says on the DVD, "as a saloon singer, and a good saloon singer must come with everything. He's got to play some jazz and fool around with a ballad and sing a waltz and be a tiny bit risque sometimes and sing a tired old barroom song or sing the song of the day. And I've always liked jazz. I grew up with jazz.  Short played piano and was usually backed up by drums and a bass. He sang songs that were grown up and sophisticated, many of them the great "American Songbook songs by Porter, Gershwin, Rodgers and the other giants. He found forgotten songs and polished them like jewels. He performed many songs by black composers like Razaf, Ellington and Johnson, some well known, some which had languished in obscurity. This performance DVD, in addition to a good interview, shows him performing one night at the Cafe. He covers a lot of ground, always with style; songs like Why Shouldn't I, Honeysuckle Rose, Four Walls and One Dirty Window, Too Marvelous for Words, Streamlined Lulubelle from Tennessee, The Best Is Yet to Come, Dancing at That Moving Picture Ball, How's Your Romance?, Everybody's Truckin', Old Man Harlem, and many others. The audience in the small room eats it up.  "One of the first lessons one learns in any kind of performance, Short says, "is to get his performance up to a certain level no matter what level the audience is at. They call that professionalism, I suppose. Anything above that is gravy and anything below that is not very good.  Bobby Short was not just a cabaret legend, he was an American treasure, for his style and good spirits, for his talent, and, most of all, for the songs he sang. As far as I know, this is the only significant filmed recording of him in action. The performance is intercut with a well-done interview with him. Short made a fair number of records, and if you're interested I'd recommend the CDs "Mabel Mercer and Bobby Short at Town Hall, "Bobby, Noel and Cole, "My Personal Property, "50 by Bobby Short, and the collections of songs he did on Gershwin, Porter and Rodgers & Hart.  The DVD presentation of the performance is good. The recording of the interview is a little soft. The sound is good.
 Bobby Short was a wonderful guy. A great performer and a stellar personality.  Leah Jay and I produced this program on a cool evening in 1979.  We were loving denizens of the Cafe Carlyle and wanted everyone in the world to Appreciate the Bobby Short we knew and loved.  Since, after all, I was a TV producer and owned mobile TV trucks why not drive over and put Bobby on tape, the way Leah thought it should be done.  So I made a deal with Bobby and got together a crew and brought 3 cameras and a hand held into the Cafe Carlyle.  The lighting was tough trying to keep that wonderful look of the cafe for our TV audience.  Well, we did it and we loved it and it played to great plaudits on the defunct CBS cable channel.  So I made a deal with a VHS distributor to sell the product and recoup some of the $38,000 I spent.  Bobby is wonderful, he comes alive now that he's gone to the big show in the sky and everyone who loves music should see it.  Even though VIEW Video who made the DVD doesn't pay me for my work, you should buy this great show because Bobby deserves your adoration.
 Bobby Short was a favorite performer of mine since I moved to New York in 1955. A friend had his LP with "At the Moving Picture Ball on it and I insisted she play it whenever I dropped by for coffee, which I did every morning when I was between jobs. I always intended to splurge and go see him at the Carlyle but I was too poor and then too populist for a night club and then too stingy. And there were always the great, great records. And suddenly, after only half a century, he was gone. Thank god for this DVD of a wonderful performance at the club. The ebullience, the superb artistry and the glow of his personal niceness make it a marvelous experience to treasure over and over. And he does "Moving Picture Ball and other personal favorites, "On the Amazon and "Why Shouldn't I?  Bobby fans won't need prompting but this great treat should also be a key discovery for anyone interested in popular song styling of the civilized pre-wail-and-whine era, in Manhattan high life, in the triumph of individual striving and dedication, in... Oh hell, in anything that's fun. -- Paul Rawlings, Bayport, N.Y..
 We joined an already happy audience at the Cafe Carlyle to hear Bobby Short (and his sidemen) sing standards in his inimitable style.  We were there because Linda was a buyer for TELEMINE and Bobby's performance was being videotaped to be offered to such companies to be offered to their customers.  We sat at the end of Bobby's piano and we are seen quite a few times including up close.  We had a great time and this production shows that we all had a good time.  Bobby was an excellent performer and we were treated to a special edition of his performance because he knew it was being taped for distribution as opposed to a private audience.  Now, he was going to be seen worldwide.  And this performance has been shown many times on regular TV, mostly PBS.  The video version was superb and now the DVD is just tops!
 I first saw this on TV on Classical Arts Showcase.  I had to have it and Amazon came through again. For those of a certain older age group and many who love supper club music, you will appreciate this DVD.  It really reminded me of my youth when I would go to supper clubs and sit and listen to beautiful songs for hours.  Bobby Short sings and plays the piano extraordinarily well.  Now I can watch it at home with my supper!
 Those of us who had the pleasure to witness Bobby Short live at the Cafe Carlyle in New York City know very well the level of his talent and passion for his craft.  Cafe Carlyle is a small room that was packed for every show Short performed for more than 35 years.  His knowledge and expert interpretation of The Great American Songbook was overwhelming.  And, his communication to every night's audience was deeply personal.  This collection includes wonderful interviews with Short who explains how his career came about, its development, what all the fame has meant to him, and why he so loved what he did for all of us.  Dear Bobby, you will be missed forever.  Thanks to the DVD, we are all the lucky recipients of a great legacy.
 The Fine Print
 This documentary gave a great rundown of the events, politics, and corruption that led up to the 2010 World Cup tournament. I talk a lot more about it in my blog, [...], but overall many of the issues presented in this film about the World Cup are really challenges found in many types of development projects around the world.
 I've been listening to these guys for years and this is double iceing on any Blues fans cake. The audio and video are clean and well mixed. These guys are having fun and show it, good times for every one. If you've never heard these guys before you are in for a treat. I will say Kings vocals are not the best, never has been, but gets away with it due to style and soulful intent. This one's highly recomended for all the right reasons.  I wish Amazon had a 3 Criteria rating that would make for a quicker and more accurate rating of Cd's DVD's and Blu-ray's.  1. Performance 2. Quality of Audio 3. Quality of Video (for DVD's and Blu-ray's)  1.***** 2.***** 3.*****  Bands that wish to have there performances recognized and recorded should be held to a standard. Poor audio, no matter how good the performance, is still a bad product. Those who would still purchase sub-standard audio quality recordings and rank that product highly are not doing the industry or the band justice. Demand better and we will get it, settle for less and that's what you'll get.
 This is a FANTASTIC DVD. No complaints at all. EVERY cut is great. A must for blues lovers. 5 STARS FOR SURE
 I saw these guys a couple of weeks ago at the Durham Blues Fest. They kicked arse and stole the show. Awesome......
 I am so happy I bought the "My Heart's in Texas DVD with Smokin' Joe Kubek and Bnois King.  Out of the 50 plus blues and blues/rock DVD videos I have in my growing collection, this one is easily in my top five.  These guys are fantastic guitar players and Bnois King is a wonderful vocalist.  Smokin' Joe with his stinging licks and Bnois' melodious tones provide an awesome blend of their guitar playing styles.  They are good at seamlessly trading the lead back and forth.  If you like Texas style blues, you need this DVD for sure because this is Texas style blues at its rockin' best!  You won't believe your eyes and ears when you hit the play button with this disc in your player.  It is nearly impossible to sit still during this live performance as can be evidenced by the crowded dance floor at the J & J Blues Bar in Fort Worth, Texas where this show takes place.
 This is right up there with the best of the blues DVD's. These guys have some great music. The venue is small, the crowd is so great, and the band is perfect. Smokin Joe and Bnois are sooo tight on their Fender strats, and the drummer and bass are simply locked. "Crazy World and "Tell Me Why are incredible songs. I can't get them out of my head....so I just play my bass along with em' cause this is one fine jam! Wish I was there...hey, they're coming to Vegas on 08 and I WILL BE THERE! A HighSierraBassPlayer Five-Star Thumbs UP!!!
 If you need a little boost, something to get you going and feel a little better, put on this DVD and it should do the trick.  Most of the numbers are pretty uptempo and between Joe's licks and the guitar work of both he and Bnois King, you'll be pleased with this concert.  I have to say I don't know if I have seen a concert filmed in what looks like such a small little bar! I don't know how they fit cameramen in to film it; it's pretty packed in this small Texas room, but everyone is having a good time.  People find space to dance, too, and get into it. This is good-time hard-driving Texas blues.  King's voice is different from any other blues singer I've heard, too, and it gives Kubek's band a different flavor.
 If I owned a road house, These guys'd be my house band. I've been enjoying their CDs for years (I even tracked down a copy of 'The Axe Man'), and played this DVD back to back to back today.  Their brand of Texas blues is unique because of Mr King's vocals. He has his own way, what most folks call smooth and jazzy, and I like it. Mr Kubek does most of the lead guitar, and stands shoulder to shoulder with the best you can name. (This is my opinion as a fan, not as a guitarist. I have zero musical talent.) They are about as different in style as is possible, but the interplay between them is very good. The rhythm section is rock solid.  The audio quality is very good. The accoustics are way above normal for live shows. The mix is very nice too; it didn't sound compressed, or muddy, or bright. It is clean and allowed all instruments to be distinct.  I wasn't as intent on the video as I was the audio, but I saw nothing wrong. It looked plenty clean and sharp to me.  The short version is... They're very talented and played a butt-kickin' set in a perfect venue with great accoustics.  If you like this genre of music, I think you'll enjoy this show. There is also a CD from this show.  joe
 I was there for this performance at J&J's, and can't wait to finally see an A+ professionally-produced DVD of this awesome band!  If you can't get to a town where they're playing, you can finally see what you've been hearing on the CD's.  As a band, they're tight, and they were in great form on 12/31/05.  Joe makes his Stratocasters sing with seemingly no effort at all.  Bnois King counterpoints beautifully with his jazzy style and raspy-velvet vocals.  And there is no rhythm section in blues more solid than Paul Jenkins on bass, and Ralph Power on drums.  If you have had the pleasure of seeing SJK live, now is your opportunity to show your friends, and to enjoy again and again!
 I'VE REVIEWED ALOT OF BLUES DVD'S IN RECENT TIMES , BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN ONE AS GOOD AS THIS!!!! SMOKIN JOE AND THE BOYS ARE A 10 STAR IN MY HUMBLE OPINION. THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THAT IT WASN'T 2 HOURS LONG OR MORE. PLEASE DO ANOTHER DVD, SMOKIN JOE................
 I spent the first 10 years of my life in harlem, and the place just had a profound effect on me. We moved in the late 80's and I always wondered what happened to harlem...like their was a part that was missing. Harlem Diary, really takes a poignant look at young black people, showing the real "us as a  thoughtful and intelligent people, telling their own stories....it was moving
 This video features 9 Harlem teens of diverse backgrounds and interests who narrate and document their own stories on film.  Essentially, the producer gave them cameras and  turned them loose  -- hence the title,  Harlem Diaries.   The end result is awewome -- eye-opening, poignant, tragic, inspirational, moving in the extreme.  I haven't seen the film since last year, when I last showed it to my 6th grade students, but I'll never forget these teens and all that they've had to overcome, and their determination to rise above their circumstances.  Among these is the young man who essentially had no parents -- his mother, a drug addict dying of AIDS, and his father a prison inmate.  He practically raised himself on the streets and ended up in prison himself as a result of the things he did to survive.  In prison he learned how to cook, and anxiously looked forward to his impending release.  While waiting, however, his mother died of AIDS, so when he did get out of prison, there was no one to greet him, nowhere for him to go -- an unforgettably haunting scene.  He had a little daughter he wanted to help raise and support, so he found a job as a short order cook.  I couldn't help coming to care deeply about this youth.  His story was a nail-biter to the end because it kept me wondering,  Will he be strong enough to stay on the 'straight and narrow,' or will he 'cave' and go back to a life of crime?   Also featured are the equally compelling  diaries  of a teen television soap opera star, a college-bound youth, a college drop-out, a young lady mourning the death of her boyfriend in a drive-by shooting, a talented young man trying to break into the entertainment business as as a rap/ reggae singer, and an equally talented young man trying to make it as a boxer, among others.  Often  urban,   ghetto  youth are stereotyped to fit into one basic, somewhat negative, image.  This video explodes all stereotypes to reveal the rich diversity, complexity, and  depth  of these young African-American human beings.  The stories may sound typical, but the individuals are not.  Undoubtedly, they'll surprise and move you.
 I don't know a lot about screenwriting but always wanted to try writing a movie, so I got a couple of these Dialogue DVDs.  I watched the Stuart Beattie one first, and I didn't know what to expect.  There's lots of names and lingo, but they do a good job of explaining everything with captions that look like dictionary entries.  I really liked Stuart (maybe it was his Australian accent), and by the time I finished hearing all his stories, I felt like I learned a lot about what it's really like to be a writer in Hollywood.
 This movie is the best generic movie I have ever seen in my life!A love story about a sweet and beautiful loud mouth from New Jersey.The beautiful and tacky young woman purposely seeks a rich man with class and style from New York. The wonderfully handsome and stunning man is running from his past. He seeks a rich and classy lifestyle of money and status.The woman of his worst nightmares runs into his brand new Mercedes Benz. She falls in love with him instantly and stalks her way into his heart. The wonderfully dressed and groomed man is reminded of his past by dating the loud fun loving woman. He  is caught between two worlds. Which world will he choose? Buy the movie and see. You will watch this campy movie over and over again. There is a special spark about it.The woman's fun loving wise cracking friends makes this movie a well beloved friend of your vhs collection. A great romantic saturday night flick.A winner!
 For anyone who grew up in "Jersey and is familiar with the unique cultural aspects of the northeastern part of the state you will absolutely love this movie. The four women who play the "girl parts are all exceptional in their portrayals of gum poping, tough talking, wise-guy (girls) with Jersey attitudes. If you're a guy from Jersey then you already know that a Jersey girl is the sexiest girl there ever was to roam the planet. All these girls.....albeit huge hair, tacky cloths, sewer mouths, and even a bit over weight all exude sex appeal. It's all very remarkable. Another "exciting aspect is watching all the background B roll and scenery that all but makes you want to be sure you have your toll change ready before you get to the next scene. You'll see White Castles, Route 4, the turnpike, and if you really look close you will see the absolute "King Of Jersey Vegas Lounge Legend Pat Galo making a cameo appearance. If you're from Jersey that alone is worth the price of the DVD! Jersey Girl is a must have for any loyal and dyed in the wool Jersey Girl. What am I saying.....this film is a must for anybody who has an ounce of romance in their heart. Jersey.....Jersey Girl Will Make You Proud!
 I first saw this movie about 6 years ago on T.V., and I never knew the name of it until I was channel surfing and saw it again a year ago.  I fell in love with it the first time I saw it and even more the second time, that is why I now own it.  Every girl who has been in a relationship needs to see this movie.  I have watched this movie so much, my picture quality isn't so perfect anymore.  The ending just melts me away.  Jamie Gertz is wonderful and Dylan McDermott is even hotter in this movie then I have ever seen him before.  I laughed with this movie and I cried with it too.  I highly recommend this movie, and I know for a fact you won't be dissapointed once you've seen it.  I just hope they release it on dvd in the near future.
 I had to watch this movie for an American Studies class in college and fell in love with it. The tagline promotes it as  a Cinderella story with big hair  but Jamie Gertz's character does it all without the  help of a fairy godmother. This movie is for anyone who felt awkward or out  of place in front of the  cool  people. As the opening credit's  declare  Jersey groove, she's got a jersey groove 
 The movie has an obvious plot, but it's still a sweet story. Who wouldn't want to fall in love with the man who's luxury car they just wrecked...especially when that man is Dylan McDermott?!? Hello!  The Jersey characters are a bit over the top, but Jamie Gertz wore her big hair with pride.  It's a bit hard to believe at first, but you gotta have hope when it comes to finding love. Rent this one for the sappy romantic in you or, at the very least, to glimpse Mr. McDermott's bare behind! Woohoo!
 Let me start of by saying I love Kevin Smith (Clerks, Jay and silent Bob Strike Back)and George Carlin. I also hate Ben Afflec (Shakespear in love, Changing Lanes)and any movie with a child star. That aside, I adored Jersey Girl, and this is coming from a 14 year old male. It's a great story, with witty dialogue by the Master of dialogue, a teriffic script. I think that a lot of these negative reviews coming from wannabe critics, were influenced by the general contempt for this movie. I thought it was awesome and hilarious. My advice, rent it, and make up your own mind, not be led by the general consesus.  "You oughta be ashamed of yourselves. Easily led automatons. Try thinking for yourself before you pelt an innocent man with cigarettes.  - Veronica "Clerks The 2nd & 3rd movies are never as good as the originals but with that being said, this movie was still great.  This time he's back in Beverly Hills to investigate the murder of his friend inpector Todd.  Much of the movie takes place in an amusment park which makes it kind of fun.  Unfortunately just like the 2nd movie, this movie is more violent than the first, but If you haven't seen this movie, it's time! Once again, Eddy Murphy is perfect and totally believable in this action comedy. I really can watch all of his Beverly Hills Cop movies over & over again. I don't want to give any more of the story away, but all 3 of these movies are one's you MUST SEE!!! Pick up all 3 movies today. You'll be glad you did.
 Beverly Hills Cop 3 is the third in the series in which Detroit Supercop Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) witnesses the murder of his boss and follows the killer to an amusement park called Wonderworld.There is a lot of funny dialogue and scenes,alot of good violent action and the trademark Axel F theme playing throughout.I dont know why this did so bad i really enjoyed this movie as i did the last two.I didnt take it too serious i just had fun with it.I love the Billy Rosewood character (Judge Reinhold) who returns as a big shot this time and he is hilarious.Hector Elizondo takes over what would be John Ashton's role as the other cop who helps to bring down Ellis Dewald (Timothy Carhartt) who i think does a superb job as a cold hearted son of a bitch.I dont care what anyone says i really enjoyed this movie and i cant wait for part 4! There is a hilarious scene in which the two chop shop fatty guys dance to "Come see about Me its just awesome ...
 Eddie Murphy is great as Axel Foley in Beverly Hills Cop III. I love all three of the BHC movies and this one is interesting because of the theme park setting.  It makes you laugh, there's great music, tense action and even a little romance.  Keeps you interested.  Eddie Murphy comes through again!  Thanks Eddie.  A great ending to an awesome trilogy.
 As good as I and II, Funny, loved it, recommend watching it. Murphy and his team are entertaining as usual. I would watch it again.
 This is my favorite Cop movie.  Axel seems more mature here.  The action is top notch with amazing stunts and just the right amount of humor without going over the top to get laughs.  I think the villain in this movie is the most developed of the three.  It would have been nice to see the Taggart character again but the lack of his presence doesn't ruin the movie.  Hector Elizondo, one of my favorite actors, in a way fills in for him.  Don't watch this movie expecting a rehash of the first two.  It has the most original story of the three. Watch with an open mind and be entertained.
 That's a comedy, as you know and expect, and any occasion is good to make something funny, or heroic, but that heroic act is at once turned into some fun. Take fun being a hero. The centre of the whole action is a theme park in Los Angeles with as many rides as you can imagine, but the entrance fee is rather high, thirty five dollars, especially for year 1994. And don't think it is a travesty of Disneyland or Disneyworld or even Wonderland, the mainland of Alice. It is just Wonderworld, with dinosaurs and other monsters and a few criminals dressed up as security guards perambulating among the crowd.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
 I'm a huge fan of movies, and as a Christian I'm a huge fan of christian movies and "the end of the harvest is right up there among my very favourites. This film stars David White (from the excellent Mercy Streets) as a student on campus who knows and studies his bible furiously but is shy about sharing his faith (a common problem) and his friend who as a sort of revenge organises a speech in front of the philosophy class that specialises in humiliating christians. They have stumbled upon a paper written some 50 years before that claims to know when the world will end. Featuring excellent acting and very well put together screenplay, End of the harvest will provoke thought in both christians and non-christians alike on how long this world is going to continue and when it will end. Very well done. Thanks for reading.
 I first saw this movie late one night on Christian TV.  What an impact the opening scenes had on me!  I won't spoil it for you here, but it really gets the movie off to a great start.  A Christian reluctant to share his Faith with non-Christians is motivated to "join the harvest". I can tell you the basic story is set at a modern-day university (shot on location at Arkansas State University).  A group of evangelical college students attend a secular philosophy club meeting where one of their own is defending the existence of God.  Unfortunately, this young man, while sincere, did not prepare properly for such an encounter and winds up being ridiculed mercilessly.  One verse comes to mind. It is often misused to support secular scholastical study as "Study to show thyself approved".  However in proper Biblical context it is "Study to show thyself approved, rightly presenting the Word of Truth accurately (paraphrased).  This student simply didn't do his homework. After the defeat, another of the students decides to present a controversial topic based upon an archived paper from a former student of the same university.  He studies hard to attempt to present the material properly.  But he repeatedly challenges the philosophy group's organizers, telling them of their approaching comeuppance.  The leaders of the philosophy group decide to perform a pre-emptive strike against the student by discrediting his personal character.  This sets the stage for the reluctant evangelical to step up to the plate. He's not allowed to escape.  A seemingly kind lady proceeds to chide him relentlessly for his reluctance and demands that he present the advertised material.  What are her true intentions?  She doesn't seem friendly at all and the philosophy group is amused at her seemingly hostile statements.  There are surprises in store for everyone. Regarding the presentation, the material is Biblically accurate and proper in context.  There is no date-setting in the film as the overall theme is "signs of the times".  Beyond that, there is a potentially plausible theory, rooted in the regathering of Israel, (Isaiah 66
 My Husband and I originally saw this program on television.  We are both involved in Evangelism Explosion at our Church.  This movie encourages us to all we can to bring in the Harvest before it is too late.  It really hit home to us how important is to be prepared to give an account of what we believe and when the time comes to have the boldness to do so.  Time is short and there is a lot to do.
 This movie not only makes you realize as belivers how we should stand and share all that we believe in, but it is a real thought out movie. One that strikes your intrest to keep watching.The message of the story was very clear.
 This film is excellent.  My husband and I have watched it over and over. Although it may not be a top of the line production, it's point is very clear.  I highly recommend it as a good Christian film, one with much food for thought.
 This Christian film is one of the best I have seen. It presents the gospel and has a strong Salvation message. Support Christian films. Join in  on the Harvest-Luke 10
 This was a surprisingly interesting portrayal of what may occur during the Tribulation. The characters are diverse and believable; the acting is well done. This would make a meaningful gift to the unsaved folks in your life.
 I received it quickly and in good condition.  The film is definitely worth seeing.
 Personally, I find most movies to be a wast of time, but this is one of the few movies that I have found to be worth while. I highly recommend it to anyone.
 This was one of the most wonderful films i have seen yet! I liked this because it carried alot of Bible in it. Not just God this or God that, But a serious reference to Christ and his principals. It showed the power of the word of God and how it can penetrate  the skeptical heart. This is a bible based film where you will get a refreshing splash of the Word while listening and learning. Not sure about the theory that it talks about or  its proofs, but, either way you look at it, if you are not a believer before you see this, you will be afterward. Thats the beauty of any christian movie, and thats what i  look for, the witness. remarkable and memorable! Yay!!!! thumbs up.. way up 
 WOW!  This one is a cliff hanger with a surprise ending.  It also leaves you to form your own opionion.  Could it be possible????
 Good.  Really makes you think.  Has a great ending. Held the attention of my teenage granddaughter. Biblically based.
 What is there to say about a comedy classic? A NIGHT AT THE OPERA (1935) is great, a real treat to be savored each and every time one watches it. Although brother Zeppo is missed (he'd retired from acting to become an agent), I do enjoy handsome Allan Jones as male love interest. As a child, his <a href="http
 Pictured here is the VHS edition of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA (1935) that I bought some decades ago. This SP speed tape is stored in an oversized case with a hinged front panel, and sits securely in a black plastic retainer. A very top line item in its day, my tape still performs perfectly and I recommend this VHS without hesitation!  As for the movie, what can you say about a comedy classic? It's great, a real treat to be savored each and every time one watches it. Although brother Zeppo is missed (he'd retired from acting to become an agent), I do enjoy handsome Allan Jones as male love interest. As a child, his <a href="http
 For those of you looking for a great introduction to the brilliant physical comedy (as well as one liners) from the late, great, and legendary Marx Brothers, this film is for you!  A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is nothing short of hilarious, as well as beautiful to listen to!  This features soprano Kitty Carlisle, as a young opera star, who runs into the Marx Brothers along the way--or, specifically Otis B. Driftwood (Groucho Marx), a "hanger on who continues to pursue an elderly socialite, Mrs. Claypool (Margaret Dumont).  He and his rowdy crew of accomplices--er, assistants--help to bring the beautiful opera singer together with her lover, as well as with critical acclaim.  What's more, some of the most beautiful and well-known opera arias are interspersed between the zany shenanigans (this includes "The Anvil Chorus and "Miserere from IL TROVATORE).  Some of the scenes from this film have often been replicated in films, as well as television, but no one does it quite as well as the Marx Brothers.  They truly put the physical comedians of today to shame.  There is a reason that A NIGHT AT THE OPERA has been the recipient of numerous honors on top film lists.  Be sure to see it.  I have no doubt that you will enjoy it!
 Arguably their finest film . This is as good as it gets . Arts Patron Mrs. Claypool (Margaret Dumont 1882-1965) intends to pay pompous opera star Lasspari  ( Walter Wolf King 1899-1984) 1.000 USD per performance hey , maybe that's why they call it GRAND OPERA ! . Grand comedy , too , as Groucho Marx (1890-1977 , Chico 1887-1961 , Harpo 1888-1964 cram a ship's staterom and more with wall-to-wall gags, one-liner , musical riffs and two hard-boiled eggs -all while skewering Lasspari's schemes and helping two hopefuls (Kitty Carlisle 1910-2007 and Alan Jones 1907-1992 ) get a break . To save the opera , our heroes must first destroy it . And they must also gain ocean passagenger as stowaways , pull the wool (if not the beards) over the eyes of City Hall , shread legal mumbo-jumbo  into a sanity Clause , pester dowager Claypool (Dumont) and unleash so much glee that many say this is the best Marx Brithers movie . Seeing is believing . High Quallity transfer . Recommended .
 "A Night at the Opera (1935) remains one of the Marx Brothers' finest efforts and a comic masterpiece. However, the seeds of the Marxes' creative demise were planted in this particular film
  A Night At The Opera  is tied with  Duck Soup  at being the #1 best Marx brother movie! Otis B. Driftwood (Groucho) with Fiorello (Chico) and Tomasso (Harpo) try to get opera newcomer Ricardo Baroni (Alan Jones) to be the center of the New York Opera company instead of Rodolfo Lasparri. On the night debut of Lasparri in New York, Groucho makes a very funny speech before the opera starts. He concludes with,  Let there be dancing in the streets, drinking in the saloons, and necking in the parlor. Play, Don.  The result
 This film is definitely the best I've seen of the Marx Brothers. Some scenes were so funny I had to pause the video so I could continue at the same place after laughing for so long. I didn't want to miss one minute of this movie. I really didn't think I'd like it all that much, but now I can't stop recalling funny scenes and laughing whenever I see it in a video store.
 Pompousity is punctured, authority flaunted and chaos is wreaked in grand style as the Marx Brothers save the day for two young opera singers.  All the elements of a good Marx Brothers movie are here
 Although I think  Duck Soup  is the funniest movie ever made,  A Night at the Opera  is probably each of the brothers at their best.  Groucho zings and sings to the dismay of anyone who is unlucky enough to provide him the opportunity.  But in this movie, his timing and air are perfectly tuned to insult yet keep just a hair away from the mean side. Harpo gives the villains expert come-up-ingness and goes from angelic to demonic with unadorned glee.  He keeps the Grouch and Chic chemistry together seamlessly and of course plays  wonderfully as always. Chico is the toughest clown for me to figure out since he goes from comic to straight man and back again and you never know which one you're going to get.  But in this movie his wit outshines them all, whether he's not going to believe in the  Sanity Claus  or if he's figuring out how to out-outwit Groucho in his take for being a manager. All this and a story with some good singing by Kitty Carlyle and Allan Hale and Margaret Dumont dowages perfecly. And two hard boiled eggs...
 The first two Marx Brothers films, THE COCOANUTS and ANIMAL CRACKERS, were essentially filmed versions of their great successes on the New York stage.  MONKEY BUSINESS, HORSE FEATHERS and DUCK SOUP were specifically created for the screen on the soundstages of Paramount Studios--but when the latter proved a critical and box office fiasco the comedy team found their careers on very uneven ground.  Enter Irving Thalberg of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.  Thalberg was not known for his comedies and MGM, with its emphasis on prestige pictures and family fare, was an extremely unlikely venue for the brothers, but Thalberg was certain he could pinpoint the reason for their sudden and unexpected failure
 This is simply one of the greatest comedies ever made. The Marx Brothers are manic in this incredible farce concerning an opera company, an ocean voyage, a love story and of course Groucho wooing, mooching etc Margaret Dumont.  The sight gags are fantastic and the music is of a higher quality then just about all of their others.  The supporting cast does a great job and the shipboard stateroom scene is worth the price of admission.  This is one of the best investments you will ever make as it is impossible to get sick of this picture or of the humor within it.  Buy it at once!
 This is one of the funniest movies of all time. There are several routines in the film that are classic.  We need MGM to release a DVD edition!!
 A Night at the Opera is one hour and thirty-six minutes and was released in theaters on November 15, 1935. This movie has some firsts to it. It was the very first movie the brothers did after Zeppo has left the group. It was the first movie the brothers did for Warner Brothers after they were let go by Paramount Pictures and finally this movie would be the first of a long line story plots. In their first five pictures the Marx Brothers were just zany and would insult the good and the bad. Starting with A Night at the Opera till their final movie Love Happy the Marx Brothers would only insult the bad people and come to the rescue of the innocent. Lastly this is the first movie to feature the first of many fake Zeppos; at least that what film historians call them.  I am not got into the plot of the movie because I am sure that a few other reviewers gave away the whole story. The as a trio this would be the Marx Brothers finest and the only to come close to (performing as a trio) is A Day at the Races. After A Day at the Races the quality of the Marx Brothers goes down hill big time. A Night at the Opera is know for two main scenes; the stateroom and contract scenes. One other footnote the Marx Brothers went on tour acting out part of the scenes to see what was and was not funny. A Night at the Opera gets an AAAAA+++++.
 "A Night at the Opera"(1935) is the first MGM film made by the Marx brothers after leaving Paramount, and it is the first Marx Brother's film without Zeppo. This was also a sort of comeback film for the Marx brothers after a poor response from their previous movie "Duck Soup". Interestingly enough this film later had about three minutes clipped from the beginning by the censors when it was shown for the soldiers during WWII because the intro mentioned that the setting was in Milan, Italy, which the U.S. was at war with. Evidently these three minutes have been lost forever. This film featured some classic moments in comedy, like the Sanity Clause repartee between Groucho and Chico, where they rip a contract down to nothing except for a Sanity Clause. There is also the classic stateroom scene in Groucho's tiny ship quarters and the ensuing mayhem, as everybody from plummers, to waiters, to chamber maids, to the manicurist, to the other two Marx brothers, go about their business in the very tight confines of Groucho's room. This is the Marx brothers at their best.
 Mrs. Claypool wants to put on an opera to make her way in high society and Mr. Driftwood plans to spend as much of her 8 Million dollars as he can by accommodating her.  The gags fly as well as the Marx Brothers!  Margaret Dumont uses Groucho to make her place in society when it is apparent to everyone that he is just using her money, he even states it.  What makes the movie so special isn't the two lovebirds or the story, but how the Marx Brothers work together and create gags.  It is very special.  Apparently Irving Thalberg was an MGM executive who understood them and allowed them to work.
 I gave this film five stars. Why? Because it is one of their funniest films. Why? Because it hits the mark. Yes their other films are funny and entertaining, but this one in particular was always my favorite.
 Watch the opening sequence of A Night at the Opera and you will see Groucho Marx at the height of his powers. A series of brilliant one-liners, all delivered with impeccable timing. Effortless comedy that was an influence on generations of comedians to come. Remember this was made in 1935!  This is certainly in the same league as Duck Soup and probably better than A Day at the Races. The elongated 'sanity clause' joke, the state room scene on the boat, the detective in the hotel and the set piece at the opera near the end are amongst the best things the Marx Brothers ever did.  Some of the musical numbers appear a little dated, but this was the era of Busby Berkley and so these were expected. It also gave the other to brothers a chance to show off their musical skills as well. But most of all it is Groucho who steals the show, and he is the main reason to watch the film, good as some of the supporting actors are.  This is now part of a great boxed set which is better value for money.
 This is my all-time favorite Marx Bros comedy.  It's definitely worth the price. I think it's enjoyable for a large age range.  If you've never watched a marx bros comedy before, this should be one of your firsts!
 The opera finale is the greatest comic scene ever put on film.  Throughout, all aspects of human activity  are reduced to absurdist rubble by the brothers. Economically told with musical scenes that are well integrated.  Pay close attention to Groucho's sexual innuendo throughout.
 Certainly one of the finest Marx Brothers comedies, which are themselves among the finest Hollywood productions, with script by George S. Kaufmann. The three characters are admirably seconded by Margaret Dumont, the unflappable grande dame, and the great character actor, Herbert Gottlieb. Kitty Carlisle [Hart] and Allan Jones do a wonderful duet ALONE. It is no wonder that T.S.Eliot, when he met Groucho, could only talk about this film.
 A Night At The Opera is indeed one of the greatest films starring The Marx Brothers. The plot moves along at a good pace; the acting is convincing and the gags are timed to perfection. The actors are well cast and the script shines. Harpo Marx even does his own stunts! Who could ask for anything more?  The action begins presumably in Italy or somewhere in Europe when Otis B. Driftwood (Groucho Marx) has increasing difficulty mooching off a wealthy older woman named Mrs. Claypool (Margaret Dumont). Driftwood is supposed to introduce Mrs. Claypool to high society; but all he ever actually does is take his paycheck and stall Mrs. Claypool. Mrs. Claypool is running out of patience; she wants Driftwood to introduce her to high society now that her wealthy husband died and left her eight million dollars. (Why she does this four years after he died and not sooner is left unexplained.) Unfortunately, Otis Driftwood is great at cracking one liners at the expense of Mrs. Claypool--that is, until Mrs. Claypool meets Herbert Gottlieb (Sig Ruman). Eventually Mrs. Claypool is convinced to make a generous donation to an opera company also under the control of Herbert Gottlieb. They sail to New York with Gottlieb's promise to Mrs. Claypool that his star tenor Rodolfo Lassparri (Walter Woolf King) will be a huge financial success. Then Mrs. Claypool will finally look wonderful in the eyes of high society--and Gottlieb just might get his hands on Mrs. Claypool for her money.  But complications arise
 This, the first and best of the team's MGM releases, features more focus on plot, musical numbers and romance than their earlier, wonderfully pure Paramount outings, but the results are still first-rate, with a splashy MGM production and a well-balanced romantic subplot (featuring a lovely young Carlisle) complementing some of the team's zaniest antics, including that immortal stateroom scene, and the impromptu baseball game during the opera.
 This is a review for the VHS tape of the MGM film of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA (1935) dby Sam Wood starring the Three Marx Brothers, Kitty Carlysle, Allen Jones, Walter Woolf King, Sig Ruman, Margaret Dumont.  The Marx Brothers --Groucho, Chico, and Harpo star in their most successful and in some minds, their best film. Produced by the legendary Irving Thalberg whose touch of genius was to lay on the schmaltz as thickly as possible and keep the brothers three  under control as much  possible, except for the comedy.  And the comedy is the main reason most anyone would want to watch A NIGHT AT THE OPERA today. All three Marxes are at the top of their form with one famous scene after another, more than enough material to fill two movies for "normal performers. Each time one of the brothers takes center stage I decide that he is really the best. The truth is all three were tops at what they did and in this film they had the likes of George S. Kaufman, Morrie Ryskin, Al Boasberg and even uncredited Buster Keaton, among others, building gags alongside the story for them.  In A NIGHT AT THE OPERA the brothers become secondary characters when romance rears its romantic head and that, more than anything, kind of bothers me. Here's where we need Zeppo, to carry the torch of Marxian romance and desire, just for the neatness of keeping it all in the family and to avoid having the brothers slip into becoming even for a few minutes, just an element of an ensemble cast.  Another problem with A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is some of the scene transitions are kind of jerky if not downright abrupt, not what you'd expect from MGM. Maybe the powers that be made some last minute cuts in the film and did not have the time to do a smooth editing job. If that's true wouldn't be something to see those out takes?  And finally, for years I have actively disliked the music in A NIGHT AT THE OPERA. But now that I have aged just a slight bit, I find it kind of pleasant and portions of it somewhat interesting. Also, as the years have passed, I have been able to forget TV's "To Tell The Truth or whatever quiz show Kitty Carlysle appeared on and now can appreciate her for the remarkable beauty and fine singer she really was. I wonder if Chico noticed.  So, in my opinion, A NIGHT AT THE OPERA, a five star film,  stands only slightly  behind DUCK SOUP in the chorus line of high stepping Marx Brothers classics, which ain't bad by anyone's standards. With a Hey Non Nonny And a Hot Cha Cha. One of the greatest comedies of all time, A Night at the Opera is one of those films that just doesn't get stale. It's a movie that perfectly follows the Marx Brothers' recipe for their trademark mayhem
 A Night at the Opera was the first Marx Bros. movie for MGM after leaving Paramount and its one of their best.  Certainly a top 3 with Animal Crackers and Duck Soup.  Groucho Marx (Otis Driftwood)tries to make a quick buck when he hears that a young tenor can be brought up for a extraordinary price. So him and his crazy friends Chico and Harpo tries to persuade the manager of the opera company to sign up a young talent. However this young talent is also so deeply in love with one of the operatic shows.  The film features two of their best bits
  A Night at the Opera,  the first movie the Marx Brothers made for MGM, is one of their best. Yes, it is more conventional that their earlier films, and the love story (while not as offensively bad as some make it out to be) is forgettable. Still, the comic moments (including the famous stateroom scene) remain very funny, and there are numerous one-liners (especially from Groucho). The DVD, part of Warner Brothers'  Marx Brothers Collection,  is pretty good. The image is in its original 1.33
 This was the first VHS movie I ever bought, back in 1981. I still watch it and it still makes me laugh. It's one of the greatest comedies of all time.
 An incredibly funny film, Groucho and the gang are really at their best here along with their old foil Margaret Dumont. One of the best sight gags of all time occurs when Mrs. Claypoole opens the door to Groucho's room  aboard ship, really has to be seen to be appreciated.
 This movie really amazed me.  It showed me how funny movies could be, even 70 years ago.  In fact, I can't remember a movie this funny being shown in any theater in recent times.  There probably hasn't been something this funny in theaters for at least six years.  Groucho is top notch in this one.  Although he's known for making joke after joke after joke in a very short amount of time, he puts tons of top quality jokes into his performance here.  After publicly thanking Mrs. Claypool for financing the opera, he tells the audience that he's sure the memories of a great performer will come back to them, just as sure as Mrs. Claypool's checks will come back in the morning.  Chico has a great scene in this film too.  He tells a phoney story about flying across the Atlantic.  He says that after two attempts, the plane ran out of gas, and on the third attempt, his crew got about halfway across the ocean and then realized they forgot the airplane.  The Marx Brothers somehow manage to get the opera's orchestra to play "Take Me Out To The Ball Game which forces them to succumb to the irresistable temptation of yelling out "Peanuts, Popcorn.  They ruin the opera in several other ways as well, like dropping random backgrounds behind the actors while they are singing, with Harpo tearing up one of backgrounds too.  One of the best scenes is when they stow away in a boat, and end up in a very small room.  As if it weren't cramped enough, visitor after visitor arrives, and soon 20 more people shove their way in there.  It gets so crowded a sleeping Harpo is pushed onto a woman, and while he's lying on her, Groucho says to Chico something along the lines of, "Hey, when I said work fast, I didn't mean your friend, I meant the maid.  Groucho's deadbeat-type character never gets old.  He tries to give his hotel bill away, and he withdraws a healthy salary without doing anything.  When he's fired, he demands he gets his two-weeks salary pay.  When informed that he's overdrawn his salary for the next six months, he says he'll take one week's salary instead.  Highly recommended.  This movie will get you to really appreciate the genious of the Marx Brothers.
 The Marx Brothers have done their absolute best in this picture. I couldn't stop laughing! A couple of scenes I like is when Groucho is ordering food from the steward and he's telling him what to order, and  Chico is inside Groucho's room which is a porthole
 i love it itwas good and the price was good the actress reagan gomez is superb and aj lamas is great
 I just love all kind of movies go out and buy its to and you will like it also<a href="http
 This is a great action drama about a group of teenagers flying to their parent's deserted island and crashing finding themselves at the mercy of armed drug smugglers.It's an 80's must see!!
 I just love Michael's bass playing, and to see him in action is an educational experience.  If you've never seen him at one of his "solo bass performances, then this should catch your interest.  He can keep your interest for two hours playing just his basses....it's amazing!!!  In this video, Michael is playing in a jazz quartet studio setting without any prior rehearsal.  The musicians play John Coltrane, Miles Davis, The Police (Sting) and some other tunes.  It's an hours worth that is truly enjoyable to watch.... especially for the price too!!!
 I was a beginner, and started yoga with this video 8 months ago. I find it gives me more energy for the rest of the day, and takes less than 25 minutes. It was difficult at first to hold some of the positions, but with repetition I got much better. I have tried 4 other yoga videos, and none are as good for me as this one.
 Though I agree with other reviewers that this DVD seemed more "advanced or "intermediate and also that the voiceover is off at times from the action, I really LOVE this DVD. I really feel like it works--I've noticed a big difference in the muscles in my legs after using this program regularly. Also, the program is a nice length. It also stretches my capacities just enough to be challenging, but not so much that I can't do it. I really recommend this DVD to anyone who is looking for a yoga program that pushes them a little harder and is more of a "workout than some others. I also recommend it to people who have some practice with yoga already, not people who are just starting out.
 Fantastic quick moving, flowing practice!  This program got my body heat up and my heart rate up.  I felt GREAT afterwards.  I felt like I worked my entire body, but yet felt limber at the same time.  I would agree with other reviewers that this is probably not a program for beginners.  I would recommend this program to people who
 I've been using this tape on VHS for years and finally had to upgrade to the DVD. I'd say it's on the advanced side of the Beginner's category, which was great because it kept me challenged at first and is something I still keep in the rotation.  It should be noted, however, that it's mostly flowing yoga (often referred to now as Power Yoga), so compared to other Beginner's titles, this may be more challenging and will definitely get your heart rate up.  I also like that it's only about 30 minutes, so I can almost always fit it in.
 I LOVE THIS YOGA TAPE. I was the first yoga tape I ever used and is still my favorite, nothing I have found has measured up to this tape. While it does take a few times to get the movements down and some of the positions are harder it gives you something to work towards and after a few weeks I could just listen to the tape and no longer have to watch. I can't say it enough how much I love this tape, in fact I am trying to find it on DVD because my VCR no longer works and I can not find anything that has lived up to this yoga tape so far.
 Nominated for three Emmys, Hunter stands out as one of the premiere action police dramas of the 1980s. Just as Tom Selleck's on-camera charisma carried Magnum, P.I. through nine highly-rated seasons, Fred Dryer's knack for drawing an audience to his unique persona carried an otherwise lackluster series through much of the decade. The brainchild of Frank Lupo, creator of The A-Team (1982) and writer for such hit series as Battlestar Galactica (1978), Magnum, P.I. (1980), and Walker, Texas Ranger (1993), Hunter is built on the clich&eacute;d concept of a rogue cop who breaks the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Dryer does well in his role as the Clint Eastwood of the small screen, yet the show's writers give him little to work with in terms of a highly developed character and, as the seasons pass, the plot becomes quite formulaic. Nevertheless, Hunter is pure mind-numbing police chase entertainment with the added element of nostalgia for those who long for the 1980s when Hunter ruled along with The A-Team, Magnum, Miami Vice, and Knight Rider, and I for one loved those shows...!  Hunter follows the life of Los Angeles Police Department detective Sgt. Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer), a renegade cop whose family has ties to organized crime. This family tree, coupled with a penchant for getting his partners injured and a propensity to bend the rules, make Hunter an unpopular guy within the department. Only two officers will even agree to partner with him - Bernie Terwilliger (James Whitmore Jr.), who's a total incompetent, and Dee Dee McCall (Stepfanie Kramer), a stunning brunette with a rebellious streak of her own (and also disliked by her colleagues). Together, Hunter and McCall are a perfect fit as partners, breaking up crime rings, solving murders, and dealing with internal problems such as irate captains. In seasons one and two, Hunter's bosses are a thorn in his side. But both are soon replaced by Capt. Charles Devane (Charles Hallahan) who plays the role of Hunter's by-the-book, yet generally amiable authority figure for the remainder of the series. Meanwhile, original Saturday Night Live cast member Garrett Morris plays a brilliant recurrent role as police informant Arnold "Sporty James... Overall, Hunter is a solid and highly entertaining action/adventure police drama series, one indispensable to 1980s TV aficionados...  The Hunter (Season 2) DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere "Case X in which Dee Dee goes undercover as a prospective model when a modeling agent's clients start turning up dead. When Hunter and Dee Dee discover that the modeling agent is sending his clients to a photographer who specializes in filming porn, the two get closer to discovering the true identity of the murderer... Other notable episodes from Season 2 include "The Big Fall in which Hunter and Dee Dee must discover the identity of the murderer who killed the star witness under their protection or else risk being pinned with the rap themselves, and "Death Machine in which Hunter and Dee Dee must investigate a series of underworld murders ordered by a jewel smuggler who was ripped off for over two million dollars by a pair of petty burglars...  Below is a list of episodes included on the Hunter (Season 2) DVD
 GREAT ENTERTAINING ACTION PACKED TELEVISION. The DVD sound and quality are fantastic.
 Any Hunter fan will be thrilled to have this video!  It contains some of the best episodes written for the series.  I couldn't wait to pop this DVD into my player and enjoy!
 this is from a Project Manager  at Mill Creek Entertainment  Good Morning The masters of the episodes that were provided to Mill Creek Entertainment by the producers are the syndicated versions.  With regards to the music issues surrounding the Hunter television series, the majority of the programs contain the original music as it was broadcast.  There are some episodes where the original songs were removed by the producer for reasons unidentified to Mill Creek.  Terry
 I am a huge fan of this classic tv cop show of the 80's.  Sgt. Rick Hunter was a tough, no-nonsense, type of cop that had the perfect partner in Dee Dee McCall.  The chemistry between the two characters was great!  During the second season, the show really begin to find its groove with some really great episodes.  It would evolve into one of the most loved cop shows of its time.  Some of my favorites from this season include
 This is the best TV show I have ever seen. It was translated into Chinese about 10-20 years ago. A whole generation of people watched it everyday. It's one of the best memory we have in our mind. For most of the kids, Hunter and McCall are the biggest heroes. I have been waiting for so many years to rewatch it. Now, I have the chance to get the DVD. It's fatanstic!
 This was one of the best police show ever with Fred Dryer and Stepfanie Kramer . What a duo Hunter with his no nonsense approach to thugs and pimps . Stepfanie was no slouch when it came to catching the bad guys ! Its too bad there aren't more shows like this one .We need more shows that will keep a person interested in them like Hunter . WORK"S FOR ME !!
 The second season of Hunter began with a bang, so to speak. & led up to the most shocking event in Hunters' history, the two part episode "Rape & Revenge". One of my favourite episodes! Nonetheless, the entire season is here. Picture quality is acceptable & audio is adequate, due to the age of the source material. Of course, I'm still not to crazy about those paper sleeves that house the discs! I guess in order to make the price attract enough, Mill Creek decided to package the discs that way! I replaced them with some plastic hubs I had, so removal & replacement will not cause the discs to be scratched. I'm looking forward to purchasing the entire series eventually, especially since the price has dropped since it was originally up for pre-order! If you are a fan of this series, I highly recommend purchasing same & adding it to your library!
 Hunter is one of the shows that I never watched much when it was on before but now almost anything is better than what you can find over the airwaves so thought I would give it a shot and sure enough it is great, exciting and fun!  Why is seasnon 3 so expensive?  Enjoy it in the evenings.
 Not much else to add to the terrific detailed reviews here, but this is a great old series from the 80s.  I have since replaced it with Law & Order, but no other police shows held my attention for a long time when Hunter ended.  Great chemistry between Hunter and McCall, like some of the other police shows, but they were fun in a different break-the-rules kind of way.  Two thumbs up.  I'll still be watching this when I'm in the nursing home (I'll be the old lady tightly holding onto the DVD player humming the theme song...).
 Contains all the seasons - if you are like me and watched Hunter as a kid - this DVD is for you. Don't forget the first and third seasons either.
 I grew up watching "Hunter on television and I have to say that if anyone has ever been a fan, these DVD seasons of Hunter are a must have.  Season two is excellent, this shows the ever more popular demonstration of how Hunter and DeeDee become close friends and respect each other as individual persons instead of just partners.  DeeDee does experience her tragic moment when she is raped by Raul Marionone, furthermore, Hunter of course in his daring fashion, is shot and must recover from his injuries in order to battle Raul later.  Furthermore, some great episodes are in Season 2, such as
 This show is AWESOME, and so is Season2, I grew up watching HUNTER, I mean Fred Dryer as Sgt. Rick Hunter and sexy Stepfanie Kramer as his sexy partner and friend Dee Dee McCall, plus in Season 2 you had Bruce Davison as No Nonsense Capt. Wyler.  This season has put Hunter on notice, and this is the most popular Saturday Night Police Drama of the 80's.  also there was even Rape and Revenge and The Beautiful and the Dead (both 2 part series).  This show along w/Magnum P.I., Knight Rider, Miami Vice, and even T. J. Hooker as well as WISEGUY helped change the face of Police Drama in the 80's.  God Bless Fred Dryer and Stepfanie Kramer on their excellent performance and God Bless Frank Lupo and Stephen J. Cannell on a job well done.
 I wish this show was still on the air. I thought it was the best detective show ever on TV. Every week's episode was a totally different storyline. The chemistry between Stepfanie Kramer and Fred Dryer was comparable to Bogey and Bacall. I can't believe it has been over 20 years since the 1st episode aired. Long live Hunter in re-runs and on DVD.
 I luv the dvd however my mistake for not reading all the dvds that are offered here on amazon. I just realized that there is one dvd that is ALL SEASONS and i got individually seasons1-4. Im sad about that action I did
 I am a big fan of the older television shows from the 70's and 80's. These shows are rarely brought back to TV, so its great to be able to find it on DVD. I would like to see more shows on DVD,such as Emergency and Chips.
 We enjoyed Hunter - Seasons One and Two. I'm very disappoinsted and confused that Season Three is priced way out of my price range. I hope Season four comes out soon and is reasonably priced.
 EXCELLENT,  my husband was  thrilled  with this purchase  as well as  Season One.  I always have great resulsts with Amazon and their  vendors.  Thanks  again,  Never Disappointed.Toni 57
 THIS DVD IS SO GOOD YOU WILL WANT TO KEEP WATCHING WITH OUT STOPPING .
 THIS SHOW IN UP THERE WITH A TEAM AND HAPPY DAYS AS THE BEST SHOWS ON TV EVER I GOT THE FIRST SEASON THE FIRST DAY IT CAME OUT  I OWN OVER 2000 DVDS AND BOX SETS AND HUNTER IN THE TOP 2 A TEAM BEING NUMBER ONE GET THIS SET RIGHT AWAY
 Home Alone was one of the funniest film released in 1990 and is still a Christmas classic to me , tweleve years later. Macaualy Culkin became a star with this film and Joe Pesci showed more acting talent om this film. The ending in the film is one of the funniest and when I have kids I'll show them this treasured classic.
 This dvd has alot of deleted scene's that made me feel like watching the first time all over again. There are awhole alot of features that were worth every penny, shipping and handling and waiting that was all worth it. Now I'm gonna go watch this film again.
 I still remember when I saw this movie as well as the second one and to me these will always be Macaulay Culkin's two greatest movies.  I think what also made the two home alone movies great were the bumbling burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern it's sad that Hollywood had to make a third and fourth Home Alone with such disaster.  I think we're also waiting for the first two movies two come out on blu-ray I know that I'll be getting those for my new blu-ray collection.  I know it sounds a little mean but I also like watching these movies before Macaulay Culkin's sad decline from the movies and what he's done with his life.  That out of the way if you're looking for a good family funny Christmas movie get these movies in your collection because while you might like to get it on blu-ray sadly there isn't a release date yet so for the price I say again get the first two movies and leave the third and fourth movie on the store shelves...
 It's funny how certain films bring back fond memories of a certain time and place in one's life. I can remember back when this film came out in the early nineties and I was a kid at my Grandmother's house in Matteson, Ill (which ironically enough is a suburb of Chicago) for Christmas and sometimes Thanksgiving, always watching this film year after year for the holidays. It was like a tradition of sorts. This movie never failed to make my cousins and I laugh and I enjoyed the film enough to where I actually took my own sled and attempted to sled down the top of my staircase at home and out the front door during the wintertime...it didn't work out quite as well as the movie. I won't go over the synopsis of the film, I think it's been explained enough times. I would recommend Home Alone to any family or anyone looking for a film to watch around the holidays.
 Home Alone not only made Macaulay Culkin a star, this movie is actually really good. There are plently of laughs even after 18 years later, this funny, hijinx comedy was a childhood favorite of mine, including the sequel. Wish it was Christmas time now, I highly recommend this John Hughes/Chris Columbus gem, enjoy!
 Product was quick to ship and quict to arrive.  Seller was great!  Movie was undamaged and I love the movie.
 I've enjoyed both of his Home Alone films. Macaulay Culkin is just a fine actor and his acting ability really comes across in this film.  It's like this series was written directly for him.It is light hearted, touching, exciting, funny, mischievious, warm and very Christmasy. These films have become a part of my Christmas season. Also a great music score and it sounds wonderful in 5.1 Stereo. I'm proud to have this film in my collection.
 Everyone who I've ever spoken to seems to thing this film is lame and not worth watching. but i'm glad I became a reviewer for this purpose and to say my piece. First this film has a strong storyline no matter what anyone says. It has the atmosphere that I would love to have at christmas. And is probaly the reason I watch it over and over again. This dvd edition doesn't have any extra features apart from the trailers which is disappointing as I would of thought for such a sucessful film to at leased have something left on the cutting room floor for us to see. This film in my opinion is a great film that deservers more respect than it's recieving. It's worth the money for such a great film.
 With Halloween over, and the world quickly slipping into the holiday season, I have been in the Christmas mood. So, why not hit on some Christmas movies?. Released back in 1990, HA was released on an unsuspecting public and became the largest grossing comedy motion picture of all time. While it is incredibly fun and entertaining and funny, should we be laughing at how a family left a little 8 year old boy home alone during Christmas?. Or was it really their fault?. The movie centers on the McAlister family. Headed by parents John Heard and Catherine 'O' Hara, the family, and quite a large one at that, are off to the airport. Unfortunatley, there was a mix up and little Kevin(Macaulay Culkin) is left behind. When Kevin realizes the horrors, he begins to realize that this is every little kid's dream. A life with no parents, no grown ups, no nothing. His own house to himself. He can do whatever he wants. It quickly goes sour when two burglars(Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern), plan on robbing the house. Something Kevin overhears and prepares for. When the two bumbling doofus' come to collect, they enter a house full of boobytraps and other inventions of pain and torture that Kevin devised to save his house. Okay, so th mistake of leaving Kevin behind is somewhat plausible and can be forgiven. It happened, and it's not that it couldn't, and the family were mortified and tried everything they could to get back. Or at least the mother did. Some reviewers were quick to blame, even calling the mother 'horrible', but that is not right. It was an honest mix-up, and she was scared as heck and it was her who did everything she could to get back. Is she that bad for what happened?. Not at all. What strains credibility, is the robbers and the total fun house that Kevin turns his home into. Obviously, this is the best part, and the part most want to see, but it's inconceivable. This little kid, in a time of turmoil and danger, instantly turns into a brilliant little MacGyver, with everything working properly, and having the best timing of any kid, or adult, around. But then again, this is not a movie for logic. It's fun. Nothing but fun and entertainment and HA succeeds on every level in that area. Director Chris Columbus shoots the film really well, and the time and feel of the season is warm and inviting. The actors are all on their game and seem to enjoy what they are doing. Pesci and Stern(not the over the hill, hanging by a thread "B stars, as an inept review below states), are hilarious as they try to withstand, and fail, every thing Kevin throws at them. Culkin himself is adorable and has a nice presence and charm. HA is not up there with any of Hollywood's epics, but it is a holiday and comedy classic, and it does what it does. Followed by a decent sequel, and a part 3 and 4 that should be avoided at all costs.
  Home Alone  is probably the best movie I've ever seen! It's about a young boy who gets left at home, accidently, while his family goes on a trip for Christmas. The boy had said he didn't want to see his family ever again, because they were so mean to him, then it appeared that his family had disappeared. During the holiday season, while he was home alone, he had the time of his life; at first. Then he heard these thieves were going to come after him and try to rob his house. He sets up a series of hilariously funny traps to catch the bandits and ends up catching two robbers that the police had been after for months! This movie is great and I recommend that you see it, it definitely made me laugh (and every time I see, I laugh just like I did the first time I saw it, not many movies can do that) and I'm sure it'll do the same for you!
 HOME ALONE is most definitely still the best holiday comedy ofall time. And if not, then it's sequel, HOME ALONE 2
 Classic Movie. Was my siblings and my favorite movie, and now it is one of my sons favorite movies. Great to watch at Christmas time or any other time of year. Nice to see John Candy, and to see Macaulay Culkin as a young star.
 Home Alone--great as always and received promptly.  Needed a new copy for Christmas! Thank you for an easy transaction on Amazon
 I got this movie for my 6 year old and let him open it Christmas Eve morning as an "special surprise". He loved it and we ended up watching it 4 times over the next two days. The physical comedy is like a real life Tom and Jerry (which he also loves) and keeps him laughing for almost the whole movie. That mixed with the message that we love our family no matter how much they get on our nerves is a great message for people of all ages. The bonus features are great and fun to watch after the movies is done.
 this was classic that my kids always loved very entertaining and enjoyable. i recommend this movie to anyone that wants a little laugh and sometimes a cry.
 One of my favorite all time classic Christmas movies. It's on blu-ray, quality is good but not really up to today's blu-ray standard.
 This movie is a tradition in my family... Every year after we are done with Thanksgiving dinner at my grandparents house my cousins and I used to curl up in their bed and watch this until it was time to go home.  This year instead of going out and trying to rent it I decided to buy it.
 I remeber this being one of my favorite holiday movies when I was younger. I happend to catch it last night and enjoyed it just the same. It really holds up being funny and somewhat touching even after all these years. Plus it's one of those movies any age can enjoy. I definately recommend Home Alone especially during the holiday season.
 I love Home Alone 1 and 2, i always watch these two movies during the holidays. These movies will always bring me back to a time when i was a kid and remember my dad taking my little brother and i to the movies to see both of these when they were brand new, shortly after my cousin and i bought them on VHS and watched them all the time. Macaulay Culkin played a great roll in these movies, and all of those traps he set up all over the house was so clever and funny to watch, being a typical child, being angry at his family wishing he would never seen them again, and when it appears to be so, he greatly misses them all and wishes them back. All of the other characters in this movie all played great rolls. I would recommend this movie to anybody who has not yet seen it.
 I first saw this movie on a flight to dallas airport.  the entire plane was laughing so hard the Flight attendants had to stop serving.
 This movie is classic. Really funny and filled with action and funny scenes. The actors did an amazing job. The plot of the story is really funny. Did movie is good for any day of the year.
 In this enjoyable Chismas Comedy Classic, viewers are introduced to the Kevin- the youngest child of the Mcallister family. Being an 8 year old, Kevin is continuously bullied and treated unrespectfully by his older brother- Buzz, and all the other kids in his family. The holiday-tradition for the Mcallisters every holiday, is that they leave home with their cousin-family, who are equally rude to him as his own family are. Kevin is annoyed and angry, and wishes that he never had a family. Watch out Kevin, your wish just might come true.  It is on the morning of the Mcallister holiday, that Kevin's wish comes true. He is left at home, he has the whole house to himself! But trouble begins to brew when sleazy robbers- Marv and Harry 'the wet bandits' plan to rob his house, Keving is in hot water. This hilarious comedy-film will show you that children in some ways, are as superior to adults.
 This is one of the greatest films of all time.  It will be around forever!  I was hoping this edition of the DVD would have special features with more shots and footage from the set from back in 1990.  However, I'm sure that since it was 17 years ago most of the behind the scenes footage from the filming was lost.  Most of the special features are just interviews with the people who put the film together, talking about what they did for the film.  Be sure to listen to the DVD commentary with Macaulay Culkin and Chris Columbus.  It's interesting to watch deleted footage that didn't make the film as well.  Overall, I wish the special features were more elaborate and more on-set showing the actual shooting of the film, but since it was so long ago, I don't blame them for not having it on file anymore.
 This is a very funny movie from John Hughes (Breakfast Club, Maid in Manhattan). It's a bit like a cartoon tho in that what we learn from watching, is that, it's funny when someone falls down or gets seriously hurt.  This is a great movie especially when judged by the number of laughs it earns. Can it be? 16 years ago that this movie came out? I dare say this is a Christmas Classic. A Christmas Classic that could be enjoyed any time of the year. I believe in the world of literature, what? 50 years must go by before a Novel can be judged a Classic? How long is the wait for a movie?
 This film has become one of our favorites (I ordered the DVD copy to replace our original VHS version) and joins the ranks of White Christmas, Holiday Inn and A Wonderful Life in our collection of holiday classics. While the family dynamic presented falls somewhat short of ideal, the laughes and overall message of the film are fun and heartwarming and what family doesn't have it's own interesting characters and adventures?!?. The extra features included add to the fun; we especially enjoyed the sequence about the stunts.  A throughly enjoyable experience that, like Kevin, never grows old!
 I bought this DVD for my 8-year-old son, who'd already seen it a number of times. He finds it hilarious (but then again he loves America's Funniest Videos, as well as any other form of slapstick). It's a well-made movie with a coherent plot and a great cast, and it stands up well to repeated viewing. It may not make anyone's list of the 100 greatest movies of all time, but not every film needs to be a Gone with the Wind. Light a fire in the fireplace, cozy up with your kids on the couch, and give Home Alone a look.
 Home Alone is a brilliant comedy produced by John Hughes (The Breakfast Club), directed by Chris Columbus (Mrs. Doubtfire), and starring child sensation Macaulay Culkin (Uncle Buck), Joe Pesci (Goodfellas), Daniel Stern (City Slickers), John Heard (187), and Catherine O'Hara (Beetlejuice).  Home Alone is not only the highest grossing comedy of all time, (the movie has made more than 500 million dollars worldwide to date), but it is also the film that made Macaulay Culkin, who was only about 9 years old at the time of the film's release, a household name and an international mega star overnight.  Home Alone is about a child named Kevin McCallister, one of the many children of the upper-middle class and very eccentric Chicago suburbanites McCallisters, played by Heard and O'Hara, who accidentally is left behind by his huge family when they rush to the airport on their way to spend the winter break in France, so Kevin finds himself alone at home, hence the title. In the meantime, two scheming and rather stupid burglars
 The original Home Alone should be included on a list of required holiday viewing up there with "A Christmas Carol, "Charlie Brown, and the rest of the classics.  This became an instant classic (if that isn't an oxymoron) when it was released in 1990.  Hard to believe 15 years have passed since this movie's release but the comedy contained within is timeless.  The premise is very well-known by now, having been described by almost everyone who has written a review here on Amazon.  For those few souls unfamiliar with it, they can get a glance by looking at the plot description on the back of the VHS box or DVD case.  The only thing I can say about Home Alone is it will keep your attention from start to finish and try not to wet yourself when you see what happens to Daniel Stern's character.  Home Alone is especially enjoyable watching over the holidays but it's a year-round classic.
 Plays excellent! I wanted this for my dvd collection. It arrived in excellent condition, I have no complaint's at all and I would buy again if it was needed.Good service / delivery
 This is hands-down my favorite Christmas movie.  The premise of the movie is simple and the plot isn't all that complicated, but it's just good, wholesome fun.  The characters are fun, funny, and Kevin is amusingly clever throughout the movie.  I believe I've watched this movie every Christmas of my whole life, and then some.  It's never gotten old.  The acting is great, and the John William's soundtrack is beautiful.  If you've never seen this, you're missing out.  Get it!
 Home Alone is the first of Kevin's Christmas holidays spent alone and the beginning of his duels with the not so bright "wet bandits". It all begins when Kevin's family accidentally leaves him at the house in the midst of a chaotic morning as his large family and their relatives head to the airport for Paris, France. Kevin realizes he is home alone and panics at first, but then parties as he pleases in the absence of his parents and bossy siblings.  The youngster's holiday from his family changes gears, from doing the laundry and eating all the ice cream he wants, to planning mischievous pranks when the two thieves show up at his address. With creative ingenuity, Kevin manages to teach them a lesson they won't forget. He also gets a little help from a new friend.  The movie is humorous and also touches on the importance of family. During Kevin's holiday, he gets acquainted with an older man in his neighborhood who has also experienced difficulties with his own family. Both of them, young and old, learn to let go of past grievances and better appreciate their family members.
 The best of the movies about Home Alone.  Harry and Marv are great as the bad guys and what happens is awesome!
 great movie, love it!! very funny!!! that all !! great movie , very very very funny !!  very very very very very very funny!
 This is a good funny movie that you should get. A family leaves their kid behind accidently when they go on Christmas vacation and he then has to fend himself against burglars. The funniest part is watching him do that but I wont be a spoiler. Needless to say you should get it.
 I use to watch this movie a lot when I was a kid. It didn't even have to be Christmas time and I was watching it lol. This is a great family movie. There aren't very many great family movies left out there.
 When my husband and I recently watched this movie with our two young children (5 & 7) for the first time, we loved it as much as they did, and we had seen it before.  Cute family classic that is timeless.
 Home Alone is a Christmas classic! This is one of my all-time favorite Christmas movies, one I watch every year! Highly recommend it! Although it plays basically every year on TV, I wanted to purchase the DVD because 1) I could watch it when I want, instead of waiting for it to play on TV, 2) I could avoid watching commercials, and 3) it's edited for running time on TV and I always like to see the full movie.
 On November 21st, 2006, 20th Century Fox released Home Alone - Family Fun Edition. This DVD edition is the long awaited special edition to one of cinemas most adored Christmas films. This edition offers a hefty amount of extra goodies...such as over 30 minutes of deleted scenes, on the set featurettes, new interviews, and a brand new commentary track featuring director Chris Columbus & Macaulay Culkin. I have to say unlike most commentary tracks, this one is actully very informative and very fun. Macaulay and Chris seem to have so much fun watching the film. This edition like the first one is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.85
 Finally Fox studios came to their senses to re-release a childhood classic. Now this re-release does have a substanial amount of bonus features including 4 behind the scenes feature, deleted scenes, 3 trailers, and some trivia games but the icing on the cake is the Christopher Columbus and Macaulay Culkin Commentary. Its good to know that Macaulay Culkin being the highest paid child star back then in the early 90's and still to this date, he is humble enough to go back to his childhood memories. Deff worth the upgrade if you own the previous release..a true classic...
 This movie was a favorite amongst many when it first came out in 1990, and more than a decade later, this movie *still* remains a classic, and will continue to be a classic for many more years to come.  The story is simple, really
 One of my favorite Christmas movies! I love this comedy, an all time classic.  It's sooo funny, a must see!
 my mom loved it, completely satisfied with the services rendered. would shop again, the movie itself is great for little kids and old ladies
 I'm so glad this will be in my own children's Christmas movie collection.  This is such a classic from my own childhood.  It's timeless tho, the humor will still make the tech savy generation chuckle.
 love this movie and like to watch it every year around christmas. amazon had it for a cheap price so i finally ordered it.
 The most cool part is the xtras this disc probides! Like byhind the scenes and more! The picture is awsome! Home alone 1 & 2 are one of favorites movies my 2yr loves the movie alot! We watch this movie hundreds of times it almost never gets old!
 This is one of the best and classic Christmas movies.  I loved it when I was a kid, and now my young children love it too.  There is nothing like hearing them belly-laugh at the silly unfortunate events that happen to the bad guys.
 Love this movie, got it quickly and even before it was supposed to get to me! I'll be ordering more in the near future!
 Yes, this story is completely implausible, but aren't most comedies? I remember watching this movie in a theater when I was younger. It was great, then, and it holds up very well over time. Now I get the joy of enjoying it all over again, while watching with my own children! In this comedy classic, young Kevin is mistakenly left at home, alone, while the rest of his boisterous family travels overseas for a vacation in Europe. Enjoying himself at first, young Kevin later comes to the realization that his home has been targeted by a pair of bumbling burglars (The Wet Bandits)! Kevin uses his ingenuity (and a lot of toys and tools) to set traps, distractions, and deterrents in the defense of his home, all the while realizing that he misses and loves his family a lot more than he, at first, realized. Great comedy for the whole family to enjoy - especially around Christmas!
 HOW CAN YOU GO WRONG WITH THIS DVD. ITS A CLASSIC AND MY FAMILY LOVES IT! THE DISC PLAYS PERFECTLY BEING THAT ITS AN OLDER DISC. I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH THE TRANSACTION, SHIPPING, DELIVERY, OR THE PLAYBACK!
 I am loving Amazon. Home Alone is another must have for children 3 and up and for grown-ups like me. My 3 year old grandson somethimes watches it back to back and it keeps him occupied when I am busy. It' like "set it and forget it". Very entertaining.
 This is one of my favorite movies and Macaulay Culkin is one of my favorite actors. I highly recommend this movie to everyone that hasn't seen it.
 This funny family movie is great to watch during the Christmas season or anytime. The family of Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) leaves for France for a Christmas vacation and accidentally forgets him.  The eight year old, who everyone thinks is helpless, defends his home against bungling burglars by outsmarting them with inventive booby traps. Culkin is endearing as Kevin, and Joe Pesci is great as one of the burglars. The late John Candy makes an appearance as the Polka King of the Midwest. Sequels were made but are not as good as the original.
 I am very satisfied with the purchaise. The seller was  very professional and the product arrieved in a timely manner as stated by the seller. Will recommend the seller to anyone. Thank you!
 I really disliked this film when it was first released. Over the years, it's grown on me.  I chose this version because it's been remastered. I have purchased the films seperately following many reviews which panned the 4 movie set.
 8-year-old Kevin McAllister is accidentally left behind when his family takes off for a vacation in France over the holiday season. Once he realizes they've left him home by himself, Kevin learns to fend for himself, and eventually has to protect his house against bumbling burglars Harry and Marv, who are planning to rob every house in Kevin's suburban Chicago neighborhood. Kevin's mother Kate is frantic when she realizes that she and the family have unintentionally left Kevin behind in Chicago, and she tries to make it back to Chicago as fast as she can, getting help from a polka band leader named Gus Polinski. This movie touches your hearts, and tickles your funny bones. It's just terrific and I guarantee nothing but great laughs for you and the whole family.
 What is there not to like about this movie? Fun for the whole family to watch. Never tire of seeing it. And it is a Must Watch At Christmas.
 Macaulay Culkin (UNCLE BUCK), Joe Pesci (GOOD-FELLAS), Daniel Stern (MY BLUE HEAVEN), John Heard (CAT PEOPLE), Catherine O'Hara (BEETLEJUICE) and John Candy (SPACEBALLS) star in a classic Holiday movie, directed by Chris Columbus (I LOVE YOU, BETH COOPER). Kevin McCalister (Culkin) accidently gets left home alone by his vacation bound family and has the time of his life. But an unpleasant surprise comes Kevin's way, the Wet Bandits; Harry (Pesci) and Marv (Stern) are breaking into houses in Kevin's neighborhood. So it is up to Kevin to take down the burglars along with the help of a mysterious Old Man Marley. I love this movie, have watched this and the 2nd movie ever since I was a little kid. I give this movie a infinity star rating.
 You can never do wrong with this movie.  It is a timeless classic that brings the holiday season right home.  All will love it....children right up to the seniors at home.
 What if you found yourself home alone during the holidays? Well, that's part of the basic premise of this popular Christmas classic. Macaulay Culkin plays the role of Kevin, an 8-year old boy who gets fed up with his entire family. One night before they set off to Paris, Kevin wishes that every single member of his family disappears. Well, he gets his wish. Fierce winds causes a power failure, which results in everyone oversleeping. They have only a handful of minutes to get to the airport. Unfortunately for them, they've forgotten Kevin back home because of their hectic departure. Fortunately for Kevin, he now has the freedom to do whatever he wants to do. Things turn for the worse when two robbers (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) prepare to rob the house. And this is where the slapstick comedy comes in. Home Alone isn't just a Christmas movie. Sure, it has some great comedy, but the film goes much deeper than that. It shows the importance of family and family gatherings. It shows that Christmas is not only about fun and gifts, but it's also about love and caring. Anyone can enjoy watching this movie. I, for one, always enjoyed watching it during my childhood, and I still love it as I'm now in my early 20's. If I have kids in the future, then I'll show them this film (and many others) during this time of year. It's a truly entertaining film that still hasn't aged.  Grade
 My 2 year old grandson loves Harry and Marv!  He insists on watching this movie and I always laugh at these characters.  It's a fun movie for all ages.  I thought the vendor was prompt in the delivery of the dvd and I was happy about that too.
 I always loved this movie as a kid, so it is great to have it in my collection!
 I recall watching this movie when I was young. My son (almost 5) loves this movie. Oldie but goodie!
 I would deal with this seller again, product was as stated and the shipping was efficient.
 Ah, Home Alone. Any kid who grew up in the 90's has probably seen this classic at least 5 times. Who could forget Culkin's hilarious performance as Kevin, or the infamous booby traps that the Wet Bandits had to go through?  The story is simple enough. The McCallister family is spending their Christmas in France. The youngest, Kevin, hates his family for the way they treat him, especially his older brother, Buzz. After getting into a fight, Kevin wishes to never see them again.  In the morning, Kevin wakes up to find he is home alone. The family left for France, and due to a counting mistake, forgot Kevin. Now as the family tries to get back to the US, Kevin has the time of his life and eludes obstacles such as the downstairs furnace, the creepy neighbor next door, and the Wet Bandits, Harry and Marv.  What can I say? Even though it's a family film, I enjoy it even to this day. Culkin does great for a child actor, there's a lot of humor, some slapstick, and the booby traps are well thought of.  It might be a little late to watch it this Christmas, but even in the middle of July it's a great film to watch. Any 90's buff should pick this up.
 Ever since I was a kid, I've loved this movie! Now that I'm 18, I still love it! After a fight with his smokin' hot mom, Kevin is accidentally left at home, alone! He gets groceries, washes clothes, gets into his brother's stuff, and lets a huge scary spider loose in the house. To make matters worse, two thieves named Harry and Marv want to rob the house. Kevin sets booby traps all around the house to stop them. If you love Christmas, and family comedies, you'll love HOME ALONE!!!
 Home Alone is a classic.  Almost all movies directed at children these days are silly and unwatchable for anyone over the age of ten.  So let's take it back to the 90s.  Almost every scene in this movie is memorable, and both the cast and the soundtrack is perfect.  Marley, AKA "The South Bend Shovel Slayer is a particularly interesting character, and his reconciliation with his son and granddaughter is a superb subplot.  Of course, no review of Home Alone can be complete without a reference to Kevin's booby-trapping of the house.  That was complete genius.  While many people have said that there is too much violent, bad parenting, etc., I feel this movie should be taken as it is-- a film that can make the young and old alike smile.  10/10 Classic.
 I am so thankful I was still able to find Home Alone and Home Alone 2 that were not DVD's.  Some of us still only have VCR's and I am thankful Amazon still offers these.  My grandchildren loved these movies and now my great-grandchildren are totally into Kevin and where could I find these so they can watch them at my house.  At Amazon!
 This movie has become one of my holiday favorites!  Macauley Culkin is hilarious as Kevin McAlister, a little boy who's family accidentally leaves him when they travel to Paris.  His quick thinking and outrageous antics had me laughing out loud!  I also thought that Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern were really funny as the two burglars trying to break into the McAlister house.  Their interactions with each other and with Culkin really made the movie, in my opinion!  Bottom line
 HOME ALONE IS A HYSTARICALLY FUNNY MOVIE DANIEL STERN AND JOE PESCI ARE HYSTARICALLY FUNNY YOU COULD OWN IT ON VIDEO CASSETTE AND YOU COULD OWN IT ON DVD IT'S VERY FUNNY  PLEASE EMAIL ME bsfilippi@sbcglobal.net  BENJAMIN SANTINO FILIPPI BRECKSVILLE OHIO
 It is reasonably hard to imagine that there's anyone who hasn't seen this film before. I like this films for many reasons, the first being that it is somewhat of a dream for every child, or person who used to be a child, to want their family to disappear and have the whole house to themselves. Anyway, the idea of Kevin being left behind while the family takes a trip to Paris is very unlikely, but in the way it's portrayed in the film at least it's theoretically possible. Kevin busies himself having fun and doing all the things he ever wanted to do around the house. However, two very inept burglars, Harry and Marv, have his house targeted. I like the way Kevin is portrayed as a kid who doesn't fit in with his family, and wishes they were gone, only to find himself missing them soon after they leave.  The comedy in the film is great, with moments I still find myself laughing at. The music by John Williams is another definate plus, mixing his own music with contemporary and classic Christmas songs, the climax sequence is still the best, and not too over the top. One thing I really liked is how, once Kevin's family leaves, he's in his own world, which involves Old Man Marley and Marv and Harry. Once the crooks are hauled off to jail, Kevin's parents come home and there's no evidence to suggest that things were ever different, except for one gold tooth. It would be impossible for the parents to ever interact with Marv and Harry as burglars, definately a comedy classic.
 I recently bought this DVD, and i must say it just doesn't disappoint. I remember it was one of my many favourite movies when i was growing up, and it was always fun. Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern give tremendous performances in this movie too. The casting is just so perfect..Macaulay Culkin as "Kevin"..Catherine O'Hara as "Kevin's Mother"..Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern as the frustrated and bumbling burglars..right down to "Kevin's brother, who's name escapes me right now, and John Candy, who has a small part as the "Polka King of the Midwest". But really every actor in this movie seems to just be so natural for the parts they play.  If you haven't already seen this movie, i suggest you do so as soon as possible. It's truly a classic and will have you laughing at the ingenius ways "Kevin booby-traps his house. The movie starts out with "Kevin's family getting ready for a Christmas Vacation to France, that they'll go on the next morning. "Kevin is left on the outer it seems, as his family have no time for him while they all pack their belongings for the trip. He then gets into a fight with his older brother and is sent up to the attic to spend the night. The next morning, the family sleeps-in and in the hurry to the airport, forgets that Kevin is still up in the attic..  The movie really picks up though, when the burglars (Pesci and Stern) finally try and enter the house. Their plan at first seems to be about stealing valuables, but it quickly turns to "Get that kid!!", which in turn produces some of the funniest material in a Family/Comedy i've really ever seen. "Kevin is just a genius with how he rigs the house as a massive booby-trap basically, and the burglars are extremely funny with the way they get so frustrated.  This DVD also comes with Scene Access, allowing you to immediately go to any scene in the movie without fast-forwarding. It also has Multiple Language Subtitles, and the Original Movie Trailers for Home Alone 1, 2 and 3. With 3, in my personal opinion, being the least appealing of the series.  I think this movie is a classic, and will have you laughing along with it until the end. It's a great comedy, that you don't have to watch with anyone if you don't want to. You can watch it by yourself and get just as much enjoyment out of it. I also suggest seeing Home Alone 2, which is a pretty good sequel that keeps most of the same cast from the first movie, such as Macaulay Culkin, Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci to name a few.
 Although this isn't the classic Christmas film that Frank Capra's  It's A Wonderful Life  is,  Home Alone  is a film I'll usually see each holiday season. It's definitely not in the same league as Capra's film, yet it is a guilty pleasure that I'll watch eagerly. I really don't know why I find it so pleasurable. I suppose it is the over the top slapstick humor of Culkin's, Pesci's and Stern's characters. Joe Pesci, better known for his fine portrayals of Mafia wiseguys, is funnier as a bumbling thief here than as the wise-cracking informant in the  Lethal Weapon  series. Culkin isn't nearly as funny as Pesci or Stern, but is still worth watching. This film is noteworthy for being among the earliest screen appearances of two critically acclaimed actresses from New York City; Hope Davis and fellow Stuyvesant High School alum Angela Goethals (Oddly enough as I write this, both Culkin and his  sister , Angela Goethals, are currently appearing on stage; I will leave it to the reader to guess who is getting more praise for his/her acting.). Angela Goethals may yet become the 21st Century Helen Hayes. Chris Columbus' hilarious script, superb direction, and excellent performances from most of his cast make "Home Alone a guilty pleasure worth seeing at any time of the year, not only during Christmas.
 I saw "Home Alone when it came out,and agin recently on this new DVD.It hasn't dated one bit.It's still one of the funniest movies ever made,and the best Christmas film since "Miracle On 34th Street".The story is funny  and sometimes touching,especially in the church scene with Kevin and Mr.Marley.The cast is wonderful.Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are hilarious.  Catherine O'Hara,John Heard,and Roberts Blossom are delightful.And it's easy to see why Macaulay Culkin became a star with this film.He is cute and totally endearing.He really puts the film over the top.John Hughes's  script is laugh-out-loud funny and moving at times.Chris Columbus's direction is letter-perfect,and he shows a knack for drawing the best from his actors.He especially gets great and realistic performances from all the kids.John Williams wraps it all up in one of his loveliest scores.  "Somewhere In My Memory is one of his most beautiful and memorable melodies."Home Alone is a family classic.Sit back and enjoy!
 One of my favorite movies, my son (age 5) also enjoys this movie along with Home Alone 2 Lost in New York, he thinks it's hilarious when Kevin fights back the thieves with his painfully funny traps.
 i cannot believe it has been almost 19 years since this movie came out. i remember when it first came out and seeing it in theaters. hard to believe i was only 5 years old at the time.  still enjoy watching it after all these years. it is a wonderful heartwarming family comedy. i am so happy to have it in my collection and everybody else should have it in there's too.
 I highly recommend Amazon.com to purchase anything from. I find they have the cheapest prices and my order is sent out immediately. I love these guys and will continue to shop throughout the year with Amazon.com. I have been ordering items since last April and throughout Christmas this year and have never had a problem. I receive all my items in just a few days. I can't ask for anything better than that. Thank you again for being there for me when I need or want something.....Gwen Aquinto
 this movies will always be a favorite not just in my home but I'm willing to bet most others.
 It is a classic Christmas movie. I am glad it is now a part of my collection.
 My VHS was replaced with DVD so it was time to upgrade my Home Alone video. It's been a favorite Christmas movie since it came out.  Macaulay Culkin was so cute in this one...
 My husband and I loved this film. We enjoyed seeing how this boy was such a good actor. We laughed and laughed when he goes through his brothers things and the spider gets out.
 This movie is a great family movie, it's kind of old, the main character is all grown up now, but it has a timeless feeling to it, except for the lack of cell phones. It's great, now it's on DVD. You should probably buy it because your VHS copy is getting worn out. As a sidenote, no special features except for a theatrical trailer, but does it really need any? K BYE!
 I received this item in a timely manner and was very pleased with this transaction.
 I don't know who Tom Keogh is, but he wrote a review that seems to be on behalf of Amazon.com about this film, and one has to wonder if he ever saw the movie.  He mentions Culkin's character meeting two strangers, naming Billie Bird and John Candy.  Well, Culkin's character never met them, the character's mother, played by Catherine O'Hara meets them as she tries to get back home to her son.  Sheesh, way to go, Tom!  Anyway, it IS a great film, and I'm glad the studio finally came out with a version on DVD that includes some nice extras.  Way to go 20th Century Fox!
 I love this movie and watch it every Christmas season. I grew up watching it as a kid. Good family movie. Not a fan of the Home Alone II or III. The original is the best.
 MOVIE #1
 I watch this film a lot, mainly because of the huge house in Chicago - beautiful! Plot makes no sense but one can't get distracted by that. It's just fun to see and the music is great, lots of Christmas selections that are classics.
 This great movie was filmed in Chicago's north shore, and lots of New Trier High School students tried out to be extras in the film. Two of those students chosen were my two daughters. They are having fun watching it again - reliving memories of that experience.
 MY SON JUST LOVES THIS MOVIE, IT CAME WAY BEFORE IT WAS SAID, AND EVEN WITH THE CHRISTMAS SEASON, IT WAS HERE EARLY. I OREDERD THIS MOIVE ON DEC 23 AND RECEIVED IT ON DEC 28TH THANK YOU.
 This was a Christmas gift, it was no where to be found at stores;  fast delivery, excellent product.
 I have to say that this hilarious, slapstick-filled romp is absolutely and positively the funniest comedy ever about parental neglect.
 Home Alone is a great family family will enjoy and I recomend it for all ages. Macaulay Culkin is a terrific actor and he will own this role for the rest of his life. Nobody can take his place.
 macaulay Im nazar I want to see you in my laive please becouse you are my derem
 This is one of the most hilarious movie I had ever seen. I highly recommand it to  anyone who had a sense of humor. The most funny part is at the last half hour. I HIGHLY RECOMMAND IT
 Simply said, this movie is scary. Scary as it it frightens me how a child could be left home during christmas of all time. DURING CHRISTMAS!  How the director got this poor family to go along with this idea, even for a film is beyond my comprehension.  To make matters worse, he manages to convince two over-the-hill, hanging by a threat "B actors to protray thieves "aka the wetty bandits and scare kevin. Luckily kevin is a pretty resourceful kid, and with the help of michael jordan, rin-tin-tin the K9 cop, and a sassy spider owned by kevin's brother budd, kevin manages to get the upper hand and rule the land!  DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE!!!!!
 For this one who as envy to become again a child, this movie is for him, JOE PESCI change of register with DANIEL STERN who forms a very strange team who's confronted with a very small adversary but also so very malicious and effective against them, they will pay whith a painful destiny their ernormous errors whitch consist to fink that an homely kid don't represent a serious fanger or problem for them, the pitfalls, snares will are their nights, their dailys ! For the more great joy of everybody who look this marvellous comedy ! VERY FUNNY ! I've liked any comedian, the father the mother rhe brothers of MAC KAULEY KULKIN ? HUM ! The young actor who play the hero what ! Of this splendid DVD MOVIE ! THERE IS NOT ENOUGHT SAME MOVIES IN THIS ACTUAL WORLD !!! One of my bests comedys for me !
 I agree this is a classic I had been waiting the past few years for them to release a beter version of this movie. I knew they had to and were gonna eventually.
 This is by far the best christmas movie of all time because its mixture of comedy and some sort of actions.  The strange thing is that i am watching this movie at the this very moment,and its not even christmas WEIRD.(By Jay byrne)  Also i have to say this is a christmas classic and should not be put down as a bad kids movie, its alot more than that its a film for all ages.  What is brillant about the acting in this movie...is Joe Pesci!! It really shows his flexibilty as an actor. I mean look at the likes of 'Goodfellas'...he plays a physco gangster!! THen in this film he is funny character with many humbles of fun.(Al Breso)  Its a brillant movie with a great sence of humour,  'Merry Christmas, ya filthy animal........and  a happy new year'
 This is definetely a movie for everyone! I've been watching this film since I was a little kid and I still enjoy watching it now as much as I did when this movie first came out. This movie is filled with lots of laughs that will have you laughing through the movie. It also has some very touching scenes. Even to today, I am so moved by some particular scenes that I just want to burst out crying. But, this movie is a lot of fun and I will give my guranteed recommendation on this movie anyday!
 HOME ALONE was very successful in its theatrical run and its popularity has proven to be enduring. Small wonder. This is a very funny and entertaining movie. Kevin, the youngest member of his family, goes to bed wishing his family would disappear. The following morning finds his family in a rush to get to the airport to catch their flight to Paris, where they are going to spend the Christmas holiday, and running very late. In the hubbub, Kevin gets left behind. He awakens to find that his wish seems to have been granted; he's been left home alone. His elation at finding he's the "man of the house is only one of many great scenes in this movie. Macaulay Culkin shines as Kevin. Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are also very funny as a pair of burglars working the neighborhood.  The editorial reviewer here comments that the "violence in the later stages of HOME ALONE is "over the top". Over the top of what? There are no knives or machine guns in evidence here. Some broken christmas tree ornaments, a red hot doorknob, a couple of paint cans, some icy stairs, a b-b gun ... this is the kind of violence we're talking about here. Realistically, yeah, these burglars are ridiculously inept and somebody could get seriously hurt on slippery concrete steps, but as theatrical violence goes this is pretty harmless stuff. Pretty funny stuff, too.  This is a classically funny movie and one the whole family can enjoy. If you haven't seen it, give yourself a treat. If you're like me, you'll want your own copy so you can watch it whenever the mood hits. With Christmas a central part of the plot, HOME ALONE works especially well during the holiday season. Five stars and strongly recommended.
 Home Alone is the highly successful and beloved family comedy about a young boy named Kevin (Macauley Culkin) who is accidentally left behind when his family takes off for a vacation in France over the holiday season. Once he realizes they've left him  home alone,  he learns to fend for himself and, eventually has to protect his house against two bumbling burglars (Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern) who are planning to rob every house in Kevin's suburban Chicago neighborhood. Though the film's slapstick ending may be somewhat violent, Culkin's charming presence helped the film become one of the most successful ever at the time of its release.
 This is one of the best comedies I have ever seen. There is nothing to be said except to just get yourself a copy to watch today. Oh, and another good comedy to watch is the sequel.
 Is Elvis in this movie? is that him waiting in line at the airport? why don't we get told the truth? go to (...)
 Are you looking for that one holiday movie to get you into the Christmas spirit? Are you looking for a movie that has comedy, family love, and suspense all in one? Say no more, I have the answer, Home Alone.  Kevin McCallister, an eight year old boy was mistakenly left home alone by his family who flew off to Paris, and now he must defend his house from two bungling burglars with unrealistic but cleaver booby-traps, while his family desperately tries to get home to him.  This hilarious and heartwarming movie was made for all ages. It has a certain serenity to it, but it's still suspenseful. Its one of those movies where you can watch it over and over again, and the funny parts you laughed at the first time, you're still laughing at the second and third time. Many holiday movies are about finding the "meaning of Christmas". Though Christmas does play a big part in this movie, I believe this movie is about finding the meaning in ones family.  Although this movie is a tad bit impractical, it still gives you the feeling of the holiday spirit. It has a great sound track, a great story line, and impressive acting. There are many unforgettable lines such as, "I made my family disappear", and "I'm going to give you till the count of ten, to get your ugly, yella, no good keester off my property, before I pump your guts full of lead. And scenes where Kevin is in the bathroom and makes that prominent face when he's yelling with his hands on his cheeks.  This movie is rated one of the top ten Christmas movies and on the top twenty best sellers list. It's definitely one of my favorites and will always be. It's always been a tradition that I've watched this classic every year during Christmas time with my family. And yes, it still makes me laugh, every time, and will for years to come.
 This is by far the best christmas movie i have ever seen in my life.Its so funny and really entertaining for children, teenagers and adults.You wont complain about this film its terrific.If you like this film try checking out the awsome sequel Home alone 2.
 Purchased the movie for my grandson,6 years old. All he watches is animated movies and it was about time for him to be introduced to what I call a real movie. He really loved it and enjoyed every minute of it. Laughed,laughed and laughed was surprised I purchased the Home Alone 2 for him as well.
 Just watched The Blu-Ray edition of Home Alone. And thought it was wonderful. At first I was not going to get Home Alone on Blu-Ray as I already had it on DVD.But when I scene that Amazon was selling it for $14.99 I caved and order it. Thought the 1080p picture was pretty good.I thought The DTS-HD audio was great. John Williams soundtrack sounded awsome in Lossless.Plus the Christmas music thats heard in the movie sounded great too. Realy cool Blu-Ray. And now I see Home Alone 2 will be making it to Blu-Ray this fall along with Miracle on 34th Street orginal version,and the remake. And the 1951 version of A Christmas Carol is making the leap to Blu-Ray this fall too. And I think Paramount is planing on bringing Its A Wonderfull Life to Blu-Ray this Christmas as well?Nice! I love Christmas movies!
 We've all grown up with this, what can I say, it's a fun movie that takes me back.  I love it even as an adult!
 Wonderfully entertaining for all ages. My 5 yr. old grandson and I laughed and laughed during this movie.  What fun!  I recommend it for a delightful evening of fun.
 Great comedy hilarity! Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern play two bumbling crooks to perfection. Macaulay Culkin plays the boy genius when it comes to defending his home to the hilt too! No Christmas is complete without this movie. Kevin McCalister is left home alone after a power outage and a wrong head count of the kids only to be discovered on the airplane. Kevin goes through his brother buzz's room, gets to know his neighbor that Buzz told him was the southbend shovel slayer that Kevin is terrified of. Watch this if you need a laugh.
 This movie ranks with The Princess Bride and It's a Wonderful Life as one of the greatest family movies ever. It gets off to a slow start, but once the action gets going, it's a very entertaining movie and holds one's interest until the very end. I guess this was the movie that catapulted McCauley Culkin to stardom, although now 15 years later I don't recall his doing anything else after the childhood years. But anyway, for a dull Friday night with the family you can liven things up with this movie. McCauley's clever traps for the two bungling burglers are a delight to watch as he repeatedly foils the attempts of the two grown-ups. Also, the clever way the director sets up the scene that shows how a child could have been overlooked and left behind is very clever, and all too plausible. (I won't say anything here so as not to have any spoilers). The movie is probably a classic and still worth watching today.
 One of our family's favorite Christmas movies. I can only hope that my child could function if I accidentally left him at home alone over the Christmas holidays! The movie brings laughter EVERY time we watch it. Yes, in the beginning there is disrespectfulness but that just gives it a point to start the being thankful for family result in the end.  A sweet family movie for the whole family.
 I am EXTREMELY happy that this movie finally made it to DVD because this is one of the most exciting and nicest holiday and family movies ever made. Everything from beginning to the end reminds me of the Back to the Future movies - when I watch that movie, I always notice something interesting, familiar, funny, or exciting when I see those movies and Home Alone. Many people may not like this DVD release because of inferior picture and sound quality and lack of bonus features - I THINK THIS DVD IS GREAT! Of course, the only bonus features on this DVD are the trailers to the Home Alone trilogy, and the sound is only stereo, but still, that's great because I LOVE THIS MOVIE! You know, because I love the funny parts - including the fake movie Kevin watches and uses to scare off the pizza guy and the villians (I always wanted to try that!) The fake movie, in case you didn't know, is translated into foreign languages as well! Speaking of which, this DVD comes in English, French, and Spanish audio and English subtitles. I've seen this DVD in English sound with closed-captioning from the TV, and on the computer in Spanish sound with English subtitles (still remains Kevin's infamous scream)! Yeah, I'm glad Fox has a Spanish option for this disc because I'm currently finishing up my Spanish class at my prep school and from time to time, I watch DVDs in Spanish (if available; otherwise it's French for the Canadian viewers!) You know, this week or next week, I'm bringing this DVD into Spanish class for my teacher to show. EVERYONE WOULD LAUGH! This is a sweet movie. The DVD may not be the best, but it's still a great buy! Enjoy! sethn172
 Young Kevin Mccallister ( Macually Culkin) has been accidently left home alone by his family whom is taking a trip to Paris for christmas vacation, he has the time of his life being alone including defending his home from two bumbling crooks ( Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci). A highly entertaining, well done and nicely produced comedy adventure with humor, warmth, and a meaning. This is one of the best movies i've ever seen, it's a must see movie if you like christmas flicks or adventure flicks.
 Okay, Christmas is not Christmas unless we watch Home Alone! This has become quite a classic. And tradition! It is mildy funny, but so innocent and endearing in its quirky way. I really could watch this all day long!
 Home Alone has always been one of my favorite Christmas movies, It's funny and entertaining!   The movie is about a boy named Kevin McCallister[Macaulay Culkin] who accidently gets left behind in his home in Chicago when his family goes off on a trip to France. While Kevin is at home, two burglars are trying to break in. The burglars are played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern. One of the burglars was at the house at the beginning, pretending to be a policeman, to check out the house. After Kevin finds out, he sets up a set of booby traps on the night they arrive. Meanwhile, Kevin's mom[Catherine O'Hara] wan'ts to get home as quickly as she can when she finds out that Kevin was left behind. So, instead of going on a plane she travels back to Chicago on a truck with a group of musicians and their polka king of the midwest[John Candy] when they offer to take her home. After the burglars get arrested with one of Kevin's plans, Kevin's mom arrives home with the rest of the family including his dad[John Heard] and they all feel so grateful to see him.   This is a movie your whole  family will enjoy!!!
 Home Alone is an outrageous family comedy without the family. It all began with an 8 year old kid who wants his family to dissapear for various reasons. The family is on their way to their Christmas vacation when they by accidently leave their 8 year old son left home alone. Things are going great for the kid until he meet two burglars that are trying to break in. I can't give a lot of information away because I would ruin the fun of the movie. I hope this review is very helpful!
 Man this movie is the bomb.I laughed i cried i give it 2 thumbs up!man this movie is what i call top of its class.The origanl is always better so dont see any other one besides this one!
 Home alone is without a doubt the greatest movie ever. I have watched it at least 30 times. If you saw it when you were a youngster then you will surely like it still today.
 I got this movie very quickly. It plays perfectly. My son and I have already watched it plenty of times. Thank you!
 I bought the Home Alone DVD for my Grandson.  They loved it!  My son who is 26yrs old  said, "Why didn't you buy me one?  He was a young boy when this movie came out.  He loved it so much, he had it memorized.
 Arrive quickly. Packaged well. Right item. I enjoyed ordering it off Amazon and not having to drive all around hunting it, and a great price, and delivered to my home.
 We had a family tradition of watching this Thanksgiving evening, but it as not aired this year.  The family received the DVD for Christmas, and loved watching it again!  It is a classic.
 Some movies are made strictly for adults.  Others will bore the heck out of us "seasoned viewers and appeal only to children.  Luckily, this movie is made for everyone!  For a basic plot summary, "Home Alone sees young Kevin McCalister (Macaulay Culkin) waking up a few days before Christmas in a completely empty house, his extremely large and rather disorganized family having left him behind on their trip overseas.  While the family tries to get back home, Kevin must outwit a pair of two-bit thieves (played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) who want nothing more than to loot his home.  What really makes this film special is the wide appeal of the humor.  One could literally sit down with the entire family (from young to old) and watch this movie, and everyone would be laughing all the way through.  From young Kevin's attempts at "holding down the fort", to the bumbling burglars played brilliantly by two veteran actors, this is the type of movie that you will be quoting long after the TV is turned off.  Thus, I highly recommend "Home Alone to quite literally anyone, especially during the Christmas season.  If you have a list of "Must-See holiday movies, this one should be right next to Frosty, "Wonderful Life", and claymation Rudolph!
 "Home Alone", first released in 1990, has endured as a funny, classic holiday movie.  It mixes some superb physical comedy with a wistful tale of a little boy who, for Christmas, just wants his family back.  As the story opens, the large McAllister family is packing out for a Christmas-time trip to Paris.  Somehow, eight year-old Kevin McAllister (Macauley Culkin) sleeps through the chaos of their departure and wakes up alone in the house, just days before Christmas. Kevin misses his family but takes their disappearence more or less in stride, feeding himself and taking care of the house.  Kevin's life gets a lot more complicated when two burglars (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) target the house.  The resouceful Kevin, in a series of hysterically funny and implausible battles, defends the house against the two inept burglars.  In a parallel story line, Kevin's frantic mother (Catherine O'Hara), having discovered his absence, battles her way back from Paris.  John Candy had a nice cameo as a polka band leader who gives her a lift.  As the clock ticks down to Christmas morning, will Kevin's prayers be answered and his family restored to him?  "Home Alone is very highly recommended as excellent family entertainment for the holiday season, with plenty of laughs and some gentle wisdom about families.
 Macaulay Culkin is good in these  movies. A funny Movie. Joe Peshi is good too. The tall guy is funny.
 The movie arrived safe and sound!  My Son loves to watch it all the time!  Great quality, no scratches.  I'd order from this seller again.
 'Home Alone' is a good movie for any family library. Prices for Blue-Ray movies are way too high. Wait to buy Blue-Ray movies!
 Kevin gets left alone at home while his family is far away. Meanwhile some bandits try to steal things from Kevin's family house, Kevin has to step up and defend the house. Don't miss out on this funny thrill ride!
 The extended McCallister family is celebrating Christmas by going to Paris. This would not be a problem, but because of some funny situations the day they leave they do not realize that they left 10 year old Kevin at home. When Kevin finds out he makes the most of it until he hears that two criminals Marv and Harry say that they are going to rob the house that night.  While Kevin is getting ready to ambush the bad guys his mother Kate is trying to get home to make sure he is ok. What happens when Marv and Harry to get into the house? Will Kate make it back in time? Watch Home Alone
 The plot in "Home Alone is clearly improbable, but that doesn't detract one whit from the appeal of impish (but sometimes adult far-beyond his years) Macaulay Culkin, bumbling Joe Pesci, and the rest of the cast.  And, like Aesop's Fables, the film has a moral and a heartwarming tone.  It's just not possible to dislike this film.
 This movie has always been a childhood favorite and I encourage everyone to buy Home Alone because the language is very mild and it's suitable for a family audience.
 This film has many lessons to be learned.  I've used it to teach CCD classes, showing that people should not be judged by how they appear  (the mean old man next door).  Also that families should appreciate one another more, a lesson that is learned by Kevin.  The interaction between the boy Kevin and the would-be burglars is over the top, but is much appreciated by kids twelve and under.  The good guys win, and the bad guys go to jail.  When he is most afraid, Kevin seeks sanctuary in the house of God, the place of ultimate safety.  The persistance of Kevin's mother in her attempts to return home to her son shows the depth of a mother's love.  She is rescued by the kindness of strangers who show the true spirit of Christmas in sharing their ride with her.
 I saw Supergirl during its original theatrical release way back in 1984 and eighteen years and hundreds of movies later it is still one of my favorites. I bought the DVD a few days ago and have been really impressed at how Anchor Bay has taken what was really a forgotten movie and made  one of the best discs I've gotten  recently. Seeing Helen Slater flying (under rated special-effects) to Jerry Goldsmith's fantastic musical score in widescreen has been one of the highlights of my week. Plus, my five year old son, who is more critical of movies than I have ever been, gave it his approval. Welcome back, Supergirl, I've missed you.
 It's not a docu-drama, it's a comic strip! It's supposed to be fun-fantasy and who cares if there's holes in the plot and impossible acts occur? (e.g. wasn't Krypton blown apart years ago when Kal-El/Superman left it as an  infant? Que?? And how did Kara acquire that looks-superb-on-her  super-costume while traveling in her capsule?) Who expects believability  anyway? Enjoy what's there. Helen Slater is a drop-dead gorgeous Supergirl  and plays the fantastical part with dignity and the suitable naivete  expected of an alien visitor. She does a marvelous job with it. And yes,  Faye Dunaway overacts; I would think her part in such a flick required a  large helping of campy emoting as the powerful but somewhat klutzy witch  Selena. A lot of the fun was in the interaction between the quixotic Selena  and her Sancho Panza-like sidekick Bianca (Brenda Vaccaro, herself no  slouch at ironic comedy). Selena constantly pushing her new-found powers  beyond her own abilities to control, landing the two in mess after tangled  mess, accompanied by Bianca's timely snide cynicisms. You'll love Helen  Slater, and you'll love to hate Dunaway &amp; Vaccaro. It's fun. It's  fantasy. Buy it, you'll end up watching it over and over.
 Okay, listen up! Lets not forget that this picture was made in 1984! The only reason I love watching this film over &amp; over again is because I love absolutley anything to do with The Girl Of Steel. And yes okay okay I  was a little generouse with the stars thing... I think this is a pretty  good film, appart from rolling my eyes when thinking it all revolves around  chasing Ethan (Heart Bochner). BUT, did you know... the original script  wanted to bring Superman (Christopher Reeve) &amp; Supergirl (Helen Slater)  together! Just think how awesome that would have been, only if Christopher  Reeve didn't back out because he didn't want to be known only for being  Superman, fair enough. My advice... try to give this film a go, &amp; be  patient till they decide to make another one, perhaps a better one,  hopefully it will be mine with me in the title role (I wish! One day  perhaps, remember my initials AS 
 I bought this video so I wouldn't have to wait for the movie to play on tv, and I was so disappointed in the quality of the video. It is unbelievably bad---the heavily edited tv-version has way better picture quality. About the movie itself
 As I stated above, I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!  This movie came out when I was 7 years old, and I've been looking for it for years ever since.  Helen Slater  was perfectly cast as Supergirl, and man I wish I looked like her.  I will  admit some scenes are kinda cheezy, but overall the movie is one that  should go down as a classic.
 This was my absolute favorite movie when I was a child.  I haven't seen it in years, though I know I have a worn out tape of it somewhere.  I remember the cheetah was adorable and the story, while possibly being typical Disney fluff, was heartwarming.  I'd definitely recommend it as a gift for any child who loves animals.
 I remember seeing this in the movies when i was in my early teens. My brother, was newly married, and he used to take me to the movies quite a bit. We went to see this gem. It has a gripping plot, lots of animals, and what it doesn't have is the sex/violence/foul language that many movies inundate us with.  The plot was already mentioned by several reviewers, but all i want to add is that movies like this show that good clean entertainment CAN be made without being "boring  Enjoy!
 Cheetah is a wonderful family movie filled with fun and adventure.  The scenery of Africa is amazing and the animals are beautiful!  A movie you don't want to miss!!!!
 Cheetah is one of those movies that I wore the tape out on as a kid. It tugged my heartstrings with the poachers and racing schemes. But it also made me smile when I was shown that people *did* care about animals.  I was 8 when it first came out, and my mom made sure I had a copy the moment the tape came out. I played it all the time, along with The Last Unicorn, Labyrinth, and the old Shaggy Dog movies. She had to replace copies every so often, especially after a hurricane decimated my collection.  I'm so glad I have the chance to own this movie again. It makes finals week much easier to bear.
 I saw this movie when I was a kid, when I saw it again a bought straight away !!!!! It a great movie about friendship and Cheetahs..
 This is a good film! Well to be honest I cant actually remember what happens, been a long time since i watched it! But my uncle is in it, so I have to say it's good dont i! 
 This film is a standout example of the way they made action films back in the 70's
 "Get Carter has got to be THE standout performance of Michael Caine's highly variable career. Caine, who was the undisputed "King of Cool in 60's swinging London, has readily admitted that he took many a script just for the money... something he had in common with Sir Laurence Olivier! Anyway, I guess this is why we not only have the superlative "Carter, plus "Zulu, "The Ipcress File, "The man who would be king, and "Little Voice amongst others, but we also have "The Swarm and, "Jaws
 This little seen gem features one of Michael Caine's finest performances in a taught, dark, perfectly realized character study of a professional killer who seeks revenge --no matter how high the cost may be.  The film was obviously a direct influence on several latter British films such as Long Good Friday and Mona Lisa. Films that unflinchingly focused on character, rather than story and presented a full dimensional portrait without justification or apology to the audience. It was remade as a blaxploitation film called The Hit Man too. You can see it's influence on recent films such as Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and The Limey with their simple revenge  driven motifs. Those films however add gimmicks and tricks to the mix. Get Carter trusts its material and it's actors and stays disturbingly quiet, and on the surface simple-though internally quite complex. It's a bit of a stretch but there are influences of Get Carter in Taxi Driver as well. Get Carter remains a very English (as in British) film. It's a film which was undoubtedly influenced by John Boorman's 1967 classic Point Blank.  The way Michael Caine plays Carter will remind you of a darker, more cynical and somewhat more mature Alfie (the cheeky Casonova from the 1966 film that made Caine an international star). He's an over-confident, immoral, womanizing hit man who'll snap his fingers and demand a pint of bitter in a thin glass and then later have phone sex, while being observed with his mistress, Brit Eckland (a cutting edge scene in `71). Some of the events in the film are inspired by real life events, but ones few Americans have ever heard of (concerning British gangsters).  The film is purposely stripped of any visual poetry and shows us a drab, Newcastle. There are seedy pubs, run down row houses, sloppy construction projects and polluted beaches peopled by working class people who have little hope, few dreams and little money. You won't find noir influenced shots of shadows and light, fog or atmosphere. Director Hodges is being stylish by carefully avoiding a sense of style, observing methodically, like footage shot for some unimaginative city planning board study. It creates an underlining feeling of despair and takes us to places almost absent of any charm, whose only character is one of slow rot. Of course this makes a good analogy to what Carter is internally. He's crossed over all ethical and moral lines in his life too many times to remain untouched. And he can't ignore what he's become when it's caused his brother to be brutally murdered.  At times Get Carter is a brutal film. There are sudden explosions of violence in the film which are ugly as violence truly is. When we realize there is a bit of good in Carter, it means we also realize he's made choices which have doomed him to this life. As the film progresses we realize that several choices he's made have created an inner-turmoil and horror Carter barely lets us see. The film is slowly, not manically paced and invites some degree of contemplation. It becomes a rich film experience, though not a pleasant and breezily entertaining one. It's a film of shadows, of thugs and gangsters who are not glamorous, or romantic in any sense of the word. The humor comes from the desperate bitterness of the characters we meet. Characters played to perfection by Ian Hendry, Bernard Hepton and John Osborne (who wrote the play Look Back in Anger). Caine, is superb. He refuses to remind us he's acting and wears his role effortlessly. He never forces a line or a look or tries for audience sympathy or understanding. Anyone who relishes great performances will find this one among the best on film.  So even if you have seen too many gangster films, and even if the prospect of seeing a rather bleak one doesn't interest you all that much, perhaps the fact it contains Caine's best performance will convince you to watch Hodges' 1971, GET CARTER soon. --Chris Jarmick, co-Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder (- a steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please pre-order it today.)
 Michael Caine plays Jack Carter, a London gang member who specializes in strong arm intimidation. He learns that his younger brother has died in the north of England, in Newcastle, while drunk; maybe a suicide, maybe an accident. Carter, against the wishes of his gang bosses, leaves to find out what happened. He knows his brother never drank. He pokes around, ignores the warnings to lay off from both the Newcastle and London gangs. He figures out who is responsible and, despite murder attempts, starts to take cold-blooded vengeange.  Carter has no remorse. People who help him, people who get in his way, people who try to stop him, all get hurt. Often by Jack Carter; it doesn't make any difference to him. One kid who helps him gets beaten within an inch of his life. Carter is barely sympathetic. He kills a woman with an injection of drugs because she played a part in his brother's youngest daughter being in a porno film making the rounds. But he does it deliberately, for a larger purpose. He's a thug, but cunning, and he doesn't care. One nice touch
 I watch, enjoy and love so many, many films...but if I had to pick one as being my absolute favourite, it would have to be this one. Michael Caine in a move to shed off his  lovable  Cockney 60s persona's (eg. Alfie, The Italian Job etc)stars as Jack Carter, a mid-level London criminal who decides to go back to his hometown in Newcastle to find out the real reasons behind his brother's recent death. Upon arrival he cuts a path through the local crims and con men to find out  ...what really happened . This film is just so entertaining. Caine has never been better. He's icy cool and malevolent, has the right quip for any occaision and will stop at nothing to reach his goal. The Tyneside locations are absolutely perfect in reflecting both the urban and moral decay that seems to prevail, Hodges' direction is tight and well paced, Roy Budd's music is eerie and loaded with 70s cool, all the supporting characters have their own moments, the dialogue is great and the action setpieces are gritty and realistic, and above all (as was the late 60s - mid 70s practice) no charcter comes out of this film a winner.  I have been burning for the DVD release of this film for some time now and I cannot wait to see the film remastered and with a bunch of extras. Having finally got to see it at the cinema recently has only fanned the flames further. This is a wonderful, wonderful film (especially if you like crime films) and the recent news of Sly Stallone's remake fills me with horror. Is nothing sacred anymore? This film didn't need a remake (although I admit affection for Bernie Casey's  Hit Man ), and that's because they got it so right the first time...
 "Get Carter is really recommendable on so many levels. Michael Caine is surely one of the best living actors today, in this film he really becomes Jack Carter, elegant and ice-cold enforcer in the British underworld. The background is provided by the gritty urban industrial landscape of early 1970s Newcastle, with rows of decaying workers homes and pubs stretching out in front of crumbling factories.  Carter travels to Newcastle from London for a mission, his brother is dead, the police claim he had a deadly car accident driving drunk and Carter is there to oversee the funeral. Strangely enough, nobody remembers ever having seen his brother drink Whiskey. "I'm the villain in the family, remember?", as Carter puts it.  Gradually Carter's suspicion gets aroused, everybody seems to have desperately tried to avoid him right from the moment he stepped off the train in Newcastle and now the boss of the local underworld attempts to force Carter on the next train back to London. In addition Carter's niece appears strangely intimidated.  Gradually the pieces come together and once Carter finds out what really happened, the psychopathic gangster comes to the fore. The pretty girl he just had sex with becomes the first victim of his rage.  Get this movie for Michael Caine as Carter and for the atmosphere of a long gone pre-Thatcher era Britain, still stuck in its postwar decline.
 "Get Carter is one of the original, and definitely one of the best, modern gangster films. There would be no "The Long Good Friday", "Lock, Stock & Two Smoking Barrels or "Snatch without this movie. Michael Caine as Jack Carter is the first bad guy in film history that you want to root for, but feel bad because he's such an evil person. The dialogue is razor-sharp, the sets and cinematography are as dreary as the Northern England location, and the last 30 minutes of the movie, especially the ending, will leave you with the need to stand in the sun for a long time. You'll understand why after you watch it. And, most importantly, AVOID THE REMAKE AT ALL COSTS!
 It's great news to finally be able to get  Get Carter  on DVD.  Get Carter is an incredible film, one of the best of 1970's, that stars Michael Caine as  Carter  in probably his greatest performance,  and is directed by Mike Hodges, which is his greatest film as well.  This  film may be one of the more brutally violent films that has ever been made,  even by today's standards, which is amazing considering that it was made 30  years ago.  It's about a mob henchman that goes on a quest for revenge when  his brother is killed under suspicious circumstances.  On his journey  Carter encounters plenty of sex and violence.  There are many memorable  scenes in this movie including one of the most raw, brutal killing scenes  that I have ever scene in which he stabs a former friend whom he suspects  betrayed him. This movie is action packed, but not the mindless, loud,  explosion-filled action of today's movies.  The violence is both shocking  and disturbing, however, there's a heavy price to pay.  This movie will  leave you dazed after finishing viewing. I highly recommend this movie to  everyone with even a casual interest in great films, and is a must own for  DVD collectors.
 I saw the Stallone version of this movie first. I must say, I didn't hate it and I liked the music and the girl who played his neice. But then I sought out and found the origional with Michael Caine. This movie is far superior to the movie that 'Rocky' did. This has become a personal favorite of mine and I think one of Michael Caines best performances. It definitely holds up even today. It is violent, unapologetic and just a damn good seedy crime revenge movie.
 Michael Caine stars as simmering London gangster Jack Carter in the gritty 1971 British noir type action flick "Get Carter".  Caine's character, in a departure from his usual portrayals, displays a vicousness that he pulls off rather well in this noteworthy film.  Filmed in some of the seamier locations of both London and Newcastle, the movie exposes some of the slimy underbelly of the English underworld.  Caine when learning of his brothers "accidental death feels compelled to attend the funeral up north in Newcastle.  Against the advice of his London boss he's determined to find out what exactly happened.  After disembarking the train he took, he immediately gets the idea that his presence isn't welcome in Newcastle.  Despite warnings to subsist in his investigation he eventually learns the details of how his brother's niece was lured into the local pornography trade.  The measured Caine's temper begins quickly percolationg as he sets out on a violent trail of vengeance against those responsible.  The local crime boss Kinnear played by John Osbourne, the man culpable, orders Caine's elimination.  As is typical for these types of crime dramas, in the end justice is served.
 GET CARTER is one of Michael Caine's greatest films, probably my personal favorite! With its gritty style and brilliant central performance, this is a stunning crime thriller.  Low-level London gangster Jack Carter (Caine) returns to his childhood home of Newcastle to find out who killed his brother, and why! In a way, Carter becomes a detective, trying to solve this very personal mystery, by any means necessary!  A ruthless professional, Jack Carter is cautious and calculated and never allows himself to get too close to anyone, not even those willing to help him uncover the truth. He dismisses a friend just as casually as he would an enemy! After all, when you're in his line of work, you can't afford to be too emotionally involved.  Then something happens!  While investigating his brother's death, Jack discovers that another relative - someone close - has been dragged down into his underground world. Someone too young, too innocent. For one powerful moment, Jack Carter's wall breaks down, and his emotions explode! The normally calm professional becomes an animalistic killer. Driven by hatred and bent on revenge, Carter kills his victims without prejudice, whether they're guilty or simply in the way!  Michael Caine is magnificent! He purposefully sheds his charming persona and becomes the ultimate antihero in Jack Carter. In any other film, Carter would have been the villain, and an intimidating one. But in GET CARTER, we sympathize with the character because we understand his mission, and because Caine allows us opportunities to witness Carter's human side, rare they might be. Nonetheless, Caine never lets us forget Carter's darkness, and the moment we start to root for him, he snaps us back into the realization that Jack Carter is not a good person. And you can't take your eyes off Caine! GET CARTER is as much a character study as it is a thriller. Kudos to the film's director Mike Hodges for allowing his lead actor to create such a flawed protagonist, without apologies.  Hodges should also be praised for showcasing the city of Newcastle as an important character in the film. There's enough darkness and grit instilled within the streets, pubs, and people to remind Jack Carter that he is unmistakeably home.  As the director, Hodges takes an interesting minimalist approach in terms of the music, cinematography and overall style, but it works perfectly! GET CARTER is a lean, mean masterpiece! And while his cast is uniformly superb, Michael Caine turns this masterpiece into a tour de force by delivering one of his greatest performances!
 At 30 years old, this remains the modern crime thriller standard.  It's the film that today's filmmakers have wanted to match and have either lacked the guts or imagination to do so.  (Though  The Limey  and  Mona Lisa  are great in their own right.  Frankly, when Steven Soderbergh made the  Limey , I think he was paying homage to  Get Carter .)   I had vague memories of seeing this on cable in the early eighties.  Being a fan of Caine, I ordered it recently.  When my brother and I sat down to watch it, we simply were rocked by its rawness.  We who had sat through any number of Eastwood, Die Hard and Lethal Weapon.  Get Carter's bleak violence and sex makes most contemporary thrillers seem like adolescent pretenders.  The last third of the film, when he goes on a rampage, is simply not the sort of thing you're going to see in any thriller.  It's brutal.   But it's real.  And it works.  You believe that beneath Carter's brutality there is a gangster's nobility, a willingness to throw away his fairly comfortable gangster's lifestyle for the sake of avenging an injustice.  I found the end crudely satisfying.   Caine is a tremendous actor.  He can be warm and sympathetic ( Hannah and her Sisters ); he can be funny and clumsy ( Gambit ) and, in  Get Carter , he can be a ruthless, frightening gangster.  No eyebrow raised to the audience to suggest that he's really a lovable sort.  No compromises at all.  A lesser actor would have done something to soften the edges of Carter.  Caine didn't.  It's an honest, courageous performance.
 Among the best crime films of the 1970s. Michael Caine has had lots of memorable characters(Harry Palmer being another one). Caine is vicious and  unstoppable as Carter. Somehow, amongst all his evil doings, he still has a  sort of charisma(I wouldn't go so far as to say he's lovable). I saw it as  a double feature with Point Blank, but would play just as well with another  film like Straight Time or maybe The Outfit. Thank goodness for a dvd with  a widescreen transfer and special features! This is one of those films that  is just waiting to find more fans as its availabilty increases. Truly a  classic. Carter is the prototypical bad, bad man.
 _Get Carter_ is a convoluted revenge drama, in which London mobster Jack Carter (Michael Caine) travels from London to the ganglands of Britain's industrial north, to find out Who Killed His Brother.  And then kill them, which he does with some psychopathic flair.   But what really makes this film remembered, apart from another Michael Caine performance in his best 1970s vein, half ruthlessly competent enforcer, half insolent chancer, is its style.  The London of this gritty film was never "swinging", and the north is a mysterious wasteland where grim iron fields of mysterious, rusting machinery lurk just behind every genteel workingclass street.   And this is a film where dressing the characters was nearly as important as giving them lines to say.  Caine and the senior mobsters get about in sharp tight men's suits, shirts with long lapels and long tipped collars.  Even the Northern gang enforcers are dandies, improbably stalking the streets in knee-length tan greatcoats
 British director Mike Hodges's GET CARTER is a wonderful little pearl for the amateur of discoveries. Everything in this movie seems new, even for a 1971 movie. The action takes place in Newcastle, England which is not the most photographed city in movie history, the characters are english mobsters, a corporation whose roots are rather italian, colombian or american. And, furthermore, Mike Hodges has written and created on screen a certain number of scenes worthy to stay in our memories.  Take for instance the scene involving Micha Caine calling in London a Britt Ekland almost naked in her bed. As the dialogs become more and more suggestive, Micha Caine is filmed behind the moving rocking-chair of his lodger - a woman with, let's say, a certain charm -. The scene is memorable and has been the ideal target of various censors.  The last third of GET CARTER is going to remind you of another jewel of the british cinema - Robert Fuest's THE ABOMINABLE DR. PHIBES - as Micha Caine is slowly eliminating the murderers of his brother. I also liked the secondary roles, very well written and played 
 Mike Hodges' Get Carter is a bleak and bitter revenge thriller that has been little seen in the U.S since it's release in 1971. It's humourless tone and grim conclusion prevent it from being embraced by larger audiences, but  for the more demanding viewer these are the very features that make it such a memorable delight. Michael Caine gives a solid performance as the title character Jack Carter, a London-based criminal out to seek revenge for the murder of his brother in Newcastle. The film should be applauded for not softening the Carter character in an attempt to make him more appetizing to the viewer. We may think Carter is cool but there is little here on display for us to ever mistake him for a hero. Apart from it's startling realism, other memorable aspects of the film are composer Roy Budd's proto-Acid Jazz score and  the flamboyant post-hippie threads sported by Caine and co.  A film so good that you are almost willing to forgive Caine for the many terrible films he has appeared in since. The disc contains some wonderfully dated theatrical trailers and an audio commentary from Caine, Hodges and the cinematographer.
 So many movies these days claim to have audiences cheering for the bad guy. Ive never really found myself doing that until I saw Get Carter. Caine plays probably the most unlikeable hero on film. Even for the 90's the film  is still violent, gritty and original. The acting and Directing are all  top-drawer. A brilliant film.
 Michael Caine said to Bob Hoskins  There have only been three good british gangster films ever made  Get Carter, which I was in,The Long Good Friday which you was in, and Mona Lisa which we were both in . So  listen up Sylvester Stallone, don't bother remaking 'Get Carter' you'll be  wasting your time and money.
 This film is outstanding. It doesn't glorify crime or criminals. The people in it are real flesh and blood, with moles and blotchy skin. But what you have is a spell-binding tale, excellently acted (Michael Caine delivers one of his best performances in a role that fits him like a glove), and delivering a glimpse of a world filled with gritty struggles. This film delivers right up to the final credits, with an ending that takes your breath away.
 If one is a lover of 1960s-70 movie fare then GET CARTER must be a stand out and as has been often stated very reminiscent of John Boormans POINT BLANK made several years earlier and starring another great one off talent namely Lee Marvin.Get Carter was in my opinion, Caines greatest and most believable role as Point Blank was Marvins and both movies were excellent vehicles for both actors to show off their prodigous talent.Hodges and Boorman likewise had many similarities in their direction styles and talent in getting the most from the actors they worked with and these two movies are no exception.For my money Get Carter and Point Blank were way ahead of any other GANGSTER movie in the 60s except for the KILLERS in the early 60s and probably until French Connection and The Godfather arrived in the 70s. In my view the casting of Get Carter was almost as brilliant as the acting with stand out performances by the likes of Ian Hendry to name just one.Caine had many memorable leading roles as well as co starring roles with Zulu also being a standout, but for sheer acting ability Get Carter in my view was his best role although that may be a bit premature as he is still turning in better than average performances in his usual understated fashion.
 Tough . Amoral . Unforgettable .  It is hard to believe this is the same man who played Alfie .  This film presents a professional who is human , but does not really find the human element in him to be of much use .  The viewer is likely to be shocked by the main character but there is a perverse sort of justice to what he does .  If you like Michael Caine , you may not after you've seen this . The seedy urban underbelly is shown to full effect in GET CARTER .  It is a film full of location atmosphere and the viewer is drawn in . I love it .  Avoid the remake .
 Michael Cain is unforgettable as Jack Carter, a London based villain who returns home for his brothers' funeral in Newcastle and unravels the dubious circumstances behind his death. Carter follows a trail that leads him into a twilight world of Northern gangsters, porn victims and rackmanesque businessmen played by familiar but now deceased faces. Not least is the urbane, salacious and sinister gangster Kinear operating out of a stately home and memorably played by John Osborne in awesome form. The gangster's dialogue and humour is direct and as compelling as Carters shotgun. Whilst the directors use of long camera angles from the outset adds a visual kick to Carters detached, stark and singular journey of revenge. The soundtrack is effectively sparse by modern day standards and most notable during Carters train journey up north to Newcastle. This is Cain at his most convincing as he uses his London working class background to dramatic effect in this hard man role. Get Carter is a genuine milestone in British gangster movies.
 Get Carter is one of the best motion pictures of the 1970's and perhaps the greatest British criminal themed film of all time.  Michael Caine has never had a better role nor delivered as deceptively intense and deep an acting performance.  To propose this when Caine is one of the greatest actors to have lived on the planet is saying a mouthful.  Like POINT BLANK (1967) was with the great John Boorman and Lee Marvin co-creating, Mike Hodges and Michael Caine in 1971 created a steely no-apologies masterpiece.  The only wonder is that British MGM and American MGM meddling executives at the time allowed the film to be released without destructive compromising cuts for commercialism and what is now called political correctness.  The supporting cast is uniformaly dead-on.  The perhaps unrecognized co-star of the film is the cold-sobering, gritty, pre-Thatcher English location of Newcastle.  Long live Michael Caine and long live the ballsy gentlemen like Jack Carter.  Also, for outstanding source material that does Mickey Spillane proud, check out the Jack Carter novels by the late Ted Lewis.
 Hodges's bleak, slow-burning revenge thriller features Caine in one of his chilliest roles, playing a slimy, working-class London enforcer whose morals are as twisted as the people he seeks to destroy. "Angry young man playwright John Osborne is particularly good as Carter's nemesis, Kinnear, Britt Ekland has a minor but memorable role as a gorgeous porn star, and the wonderful Ian Hendry gets high marks playing Carter's greaseball chauffeur. With its grimy urban tenements and dun-grey skies, "Get Carter provides an appropriate backdrop for Carter's violent, cold-blooded reprisals, and opened the door for similarly antiheroic crime films to come. Steer clear of the 2000 remake.
 This film along with the "The Long Good Friday and more recently "Sexy Beast remains the very best of British thrillers.  Caine is in magnetic form as Jack Carter. It certainly isn't a coincidence that the two main characters in UK TV series The Sweeney took half each of this characters name (Jack Regan/George Carter). Jack travels back up to north to investigate his brothers death and things spiral out of control from there. You will spot many well known faces amongst the cast including, Britt Ekland, Ian Hendry and Glynn Edwards (well known as the barman in the UK TV series Minder).  The film has some classic lines in it such as "you're a big man... and is blessed with a wonderful music score by the Jazz Pianist Roy Budd. The main theme is a truly haunting piece.  This is highly recommended. The remake with Stallone on the other hand is a film to be avoided!
 The creme de la creme of British gangster flicks encapsulating an undercurrent of evil and excess. Caine is excellent as the jaded Jack Carter travelling north to find out how his brother died , ably supported by a galaxy of great British TV and film actors.  Do not mention this in the same breath as the Stallone version - pure rubbish.
 The DVD picture is sharp. It's a very clean transfer, with only a minimum of flecks. Colors are muted as befits the story and the drab North England setting. A quality disc.
 I first saw this movie in the late 70's when I was a kid,and has been on my mind since then.Easily the best british gangster movie,and in my opinion Caine's best performance. Gritty,violent and realistic,with a twisting  storyline leading up to an unforgettable climax,terrific soundtrack too! Do  not hesitate in checking it out!
 Just the style, Mam.  No Stallone.  No L.A. And No Happy American Ending.
 What can you say, if you're a Michael Caine fan you are gonna love this flick. I love films shot on location. This was done in northern England where my mom is from so I relate to the people well. Great movie great part of my Caine collection. I don't know why Ipress File isnt a DVD. But that's another story.
 Based on (and adapted for the screen by) Ted Lewis' novel, this is one of the grittest crime/gangster films since John Boorman's POINT BLANK. Like the Marvin character Walker, Caine's Jack Carter is a relentless force, unlike the Marvin character (who walks away in the end and avoids certain death), Carter cannot stop and it leads to his descruction.  Revenge is the motive in both stories.  For Walker it was betrayal for Carter it is to find an answer. Jack Carter is a hoodlum who works for crime bosses in London who returns to his working class beginnings to find out how his brother died.  It moves slowly at first (but that is just Hodges building the mood) but when Jack decides to go after those responsible it moves like a force of nature.  Probably Michael Caine's best role as the dope head/enforcer.  Forget what you have seen of Caine before, this is Sir Michael as his most primal.  Caine's stare can burn holes in the screen. It's a performance that stands alongside Marvin's Walker and Steve McQueen's Doc McCoy in Peckinpah's THE GETAWAY. Also starring a young and sexy Britt Eklund.
 At first I couldn't watch the movie itself because there were scratches on the DVD I rented. So I had to watch the commentary which means they have the movie going but the director and actor are being interviewed. I did see the entirety of the movie without disruptions and liked the movie.  Michael Caine plays Jack Carter, a gangster in London returns to Newcastle to bury his brother. At the bar where everyone gets together to pay their respects to his brother, his neice Doreen in tears, splashes wine at a fellow friend of her father's. She is at a loss over his death but it also tells us that there is something that is troubling her which makes Carter "investigate how his brother actually died and where she ties into this.  Caine stands out in his performance as a gangster seeking revenge for his brother's death. As cunning and clever as Carter is, he is unaware of what's going to happen to him which makes the movie interesting to watch.
 Phew. What a film. Right from the opening credits, the character protrayed by Michael Caine stands alone - cold, aloof, slightly psychopathic. The images are all striking and honest - this is a movie untainted by the pretensions of Hollywood, it is gritty and realistic and shocking. The storyline rolls along at a cracking pace - although it is not highly original, it is presented brilliantly, with the on screen presence of Caine adding a sense of menace and repressed violence. The end scene will leave you gasping for breath. Get Carter is not an enjoyable film, but a compelling one, which demands to be watched. You would be a complete idiot to try and remake it.
 Sly's  Get Carter  may be an above average remake, but it is still no match to the original Cockney Classic. Michael Caine traded in his Nice guy-Working class Persona for a Mean guy-Working class Persona that works even better. The Story is Timeless and the Execution is Impecable. A Near-Perfect Film.  (i can't say it's perfect, one day someone may top it.. not likely) If you find this film a bit tough for you, cheak out Caine in  The Italian Job .
 Recently for reasons which could only make sense to a Hollywood moneyman, this superb British film was remade with -- this seems hard to believe -- Sylvester Stallone in the title role.  They really should not have bothered, because the original with Michael Caine in the lead could not be improved upon.  Caine gives one of the most powerfully effective performances of his long film career as a mobster pursuing a deadly trail of vengeance.  It is a veritable textbook of how to portray menace and obsession with chilling understatement.  The new DVD-version features a commentary track by director Mike Hodges and cinematographer Wolfgang Suschitzky with added material from Caine himself, explaining how the film was made and the decision process behind much of which was shown.  Altogether, this is an excellent presentation.
 Get Carter should not be missed by any one loving noir or gangster films. It is an absolute masterpiece of the genre, of any genre. Michael Caine as always delivers a pitch perfect performance. One of the truest actors ever. The quality of the DVD is also very good.
 One of the great gangsta movies of all time. Puts the new wave of ultra-violent or ultra-derivative London gansta movies to shame. Note
 This is an old fashioned movie about a man in the 'trade' who finds that his brothers accident is no accident.  Winding through the maze of characters to find his brother's killer, you are exposed to the dark, ugly side of people. Caine is terrific as the anti hero, and his flaws are just as great as the flaws of the people he is tracking. A word of caution.  I hate the blockbuster ...spiderman, the mummy,  and the like. So if you like them you probably won't like this. There is absolutely no eye candy.
 The grimmest, bleakest, and most often misquoted Caine film of the lot gets a look-in for its peerless use of locations as much as for its set pieces, although they are fantastic - Caine answering door naked with shotgun as drum majorettes march past, Caine making final delirious despatch with aid of seaside slag tipper, and of course the scene that's now forever to be known as  the out-of-shape bloke . Nowadays Old Maurice lives out his dotage on a cheeky chappie rough diamond reputation, but here's a good example of a man who's nothing but coal.
 This film has lost none of its power to shock since its first UK release, and the commentary soundtrack on the DVD is especially welcome.  It is definitely not an exhilarating experience, but has more impact than practically every 'famous actor revenge flick' cranked out in the 80s and 90s put together.  Totally memorable.
 This movie is shure to be a Brit-classic. The movie is about Jack Carter who travels to his brother and finds him dead.  Jack is now on a mission, to find who killed him. Michael Caine is Jack Carter a english gangster who stops at nothing to find out who killed his brother. When i saw this movie I had to think about it a while before I could give it 5 stars.  A GREAT FILM!
 Ahh! Near perfect film, and a very good DVD. This is a revelation..Michael Caine, an actor I love to hate, is perfect as an avenging devil, and this is British grit at its best. Be surprised as Carter behaves badly, be amazed that this is the director's first feature, then sit back and watch it again to catch the nuances you missed the first time around....then listen to the director's neat commentary...then enjoy the isolated musical score. A great package at a good price. Highly recommended viewing.
 While John Shaft took home the prize for being the coolest man on film in 1971, Michael Caine's Jack Carter wasn't so far behind. In fact, with Shaft working for the law and Carter against it --we have a pretty fair argument.  Regardless, Caine hands over the performance of a lifetime as a London  gangster headed back home to Newcastle to investigate the mysterious death  of his Brother. One of the grittiest and most entertaining mysteries of all  time, see this uber cool movie before the Americanized Stallone version  hits theaters later this year. Ordering beer in a thin glass will never be  the same.
 The Bottom Line
 My son is 8 yrs old and autistic.HE LOVES HIS SESAME ST, especially the "Play with me Sesame series.  I had the hardest time finding new DVD/VHS anywhere until I checked on Amazon.  The item arrived quick and in excellent condition. Thanks for making my life a little easier.
 My two-year-old granddaughter absolutely loves Play With Me Sesame, and this video lived up to her expectations.  She can't get enough of it.  It arrived quickly and in excellent condition.  I highly recommend this seller!
 We couldn't be happier!  Not annoying or obnoxious at all, like some other kids' shows.  I don't mind popping it in the DVD player so that I can get the dishwasher unloaded.  I find myself singing "Groverelli quite frequently.
 It is a great series for young toddlers.  My 18 mos old loves this series and it always seems to make him laugh.  They chose the right time length and characters to keep young children's attention.  I am buying the rest of the series as well....
 Can't believe I found this video for more than 75% off regular price and my daughter loves it! I will never shop anywhere again until I check Amazon first.
 I got this dvd a while back, Never heard of it before or much of it since, But it's a Fun little Risque Film, Kind of in The Porky's Type Genre if you ever seen Porky's which is a awesome film. Of course you cannot compare it to Porky's..But its that Genre. Funny Hi Jinx College Flick.
 I remember these 'B' movies from way back...in fact I remember when Susan Kiger became a playmate! Great watch! The plot? What does it matter! If you are like me, plots in these old flicks never meant anything, we watched for the women! Still a kid at heart? This is for you!
 It is incredibly rare to find a film adapted from a play that actually works and remains faithful to spirit of the original story.   The Glass Menagerie  is one of the infinitesimally few efforts that manages to do both.  Casting, direction, and acting are superb, with an especially priceless performance by John Malkovich as the poetic but stifled Tom Wingfield.  The entire film is worth watching for his  opium den  rant at Joanne Woodward, though the remainder is in no way lacking.  This is a much underrated, gut-wrenching, true cinematic treasure.
 Of the numerous interpretations of this play that I've seen on stage and screen, this is the best--a strong statement considering the many excellent actors who've been attracted to Tennessee Williams's powerful characters (e.g. Katherine Hepburn and Sam Waterston).  John Malkovich seems to have been born to play Tom, the artist torn between familial duties and wanderlust.  Malkovich's intense and percussive style is an ideal match for Williams's play, in which the text and its poetry dominate.  His performance in this role is the most convincing of any I've seen, and avoids the pitfall of allowing Tom to become too morose and self-absorbed.  Joanne Woodward is also perfect as Amanda, who, though deluded, narrow, and even stupid, holds her family together through her unique mixture of courage and desperation.  Karen Allen and James Naughton also capture what I think Williams must have intended in the characters Laura Wingfield and the gentlemen caller, and the two generate real chemistry in the pivotal scene with the glass unicorn.  This is a must-see for anyone interested in American theater.
 The depth of feeling manifested in the acting on display here easily trumps both the (wildly miscast)Gertrude Lawrence and the (vastly overrated) Katherine Hepburn versions of this celebrated play.  Though everyone involved (on both sides of the camera) does a first rate job, special accolades are due to Joanne Woodward, who is perhaps the first actress to really understand Amanda, since the role's originator--Laurette Taylor.  The pathos in Miss Woodward's delineation of the character is almost unbearable on some occasions, as in the famous jonquil soliloquy, in which she conveys, with hushed voice and beatific eyes, a sentimental recollection for lost time (and lost love) that is not only wholly personally convincing, but also manages to imprint her sentiment onto the audience with all the deja vu of Proust's madeleine.  Her Amanda is never less than fully persuasive.  And Mr. Malkovitch, in his final address to the camera, ("blow out your candles Laura") achieves effects of the same high order, with emotions so confiding, intimate, and genuine that he leaves viewers of any sensitivity as heartbroken as he is.  All told a devastating achievement not to be missed by admirers of Mr. Williams.
 This is the best most intelligent version of St. Tennessee's GLASS MENAGERIE I've ever seen!  There is great humor and tenderness in this version, alonside the heartbreak.  The direction by Paul Newman is subtle and insightful, the artful cinematography by the great Michael Ballhaus gives every scene layers and layers of meaning, and the acting is astounding.  John Malkovich's Tom is achingly brilliant (the semi-literate lump Christian Slater playing Tom/Tennessee on Broadway was absurd) and bursting with resentment and anger and creative potential; Joanne Woodward perfectly inhabits mother Amanda's well-meaning but at times smothering narcissistic love and sing-song nagging and melancholic nostalgia; and then the revelation is Karen Allen (who knew?) whose wounded resigned Laura cannot achieve her mother's ambitions or her brother's cultural curiousity, but who compassionately loves these two human volcanos despite everything.  I love these characters---Tom, Laura, and Mother Amanda---and I want to be with them again and again, despite how heart-breaking they are.  I only wish this version of GLASS MENAGERIE, which gives oxygen to William's poetry and lets it breathe and live inside us all the more powerfully, will become available on DVD soon!
 This is the best film version of the Tennessee Williams play, and one of the best transfers to film of one of his plays - right up there with the Kazan film of "A Streetcar Named Desire.  I can still visualize so much of this film, it was that powerful - Joanne Woodward's "jonquils speech, Malkovich's opening and closing monologues, Karen Allen's frightened, sensitive and shy portrayal, and James Naughton's kindly, clueless, then sensitive portrayal of the Gentleman Caller.  Since Paul Newman's death, can those of us out there who love this movie figure out whom to contact to petition a DVD release of this heart-rending film of Tennessee Williams' first masterpiece?
 I think the other reviews of this adaptation are sound and say everything I would ever want to say.  But what I want to know is why, oh why, can't someone turn this masterpiece of an adaptation into a DVD.?  There is no excuse. I've used the VHS version in the classroom for about a decade and neither I nor my students tire of it.  But, with each passing year people and schools will be dumping their VHS players, and this faithful and compelling adaptation will disappear.  I no longer have access to a tape player, and I will not settle for any other versions, which are inferior (sorry Jessica Tandy and Katherine Hephburn).  I have written the company, but received no reply.
 I also use this in the classroom at a 2-year college, and my students tend to be quite moved by it--as am I, every time I view it.  And I too want to ask why this is not on DVD?  Our college copy is wearing out quickly.
 I love this film version of GM--Woodward as Amanda is brilliant!  This movie stays very close to the original play, and the scenery is perfect. I only wish they would release this on DVD--who has a VCR anymore?
 As with every boxoffice success, Jaws spawned a cycle of ripoffs. For a while it seemed that every tough-guy animal actor who owned a bathing suit had landed an agent. There was Orca
 As with every boxoffice success, Jaws spawned a cycle of ripoffs.  For a while it seemed that every tough-guy animal actor who owned a bathing suit had landed an agent.  There was Orca
 I remember seeing this film 40 years ago.  It was a classic then, its a classic now. A film for any religion!
 Tom Tryon was a fantastic actor back when this movie was made and had starring roles in many other movies too. But Tom's passion was writing novels, which he was equally good at, and did for years after leaving the movie business. If you enjoyed the "Thorne Birds you will enjoy this movie just as well. It has a brilliant cast, and for non-Catholics it offers a glimpse into the church hierarchy all the way up to the Vatican.
 Director Otto Preminger fashioned a classic film about Catholicism in the 20th century by pulling no punches on some weighty issues.  He takes on adbortion, interfaith marriage, service, social justice, bigotry, church vs. faith, political endorsements, facism, socialism, and the value of the individual.  Tom Tryon gives an incredible as the obedient, questioning and stoic priest who rises to cardinal.  The supporting cast of Raf Vallone, Carol Lynley, Murray Hamilton, Patrick O'Brien, and John Saxon is stellar.  This is an amazing film that should be watched by anyone of faith.
 Always enjoyed Tom Tryon in the Cardinal. Interesting perspectives on religion and life. Love the musical score.
 i saw this movie year's ago and thought it was very moving. and very true to the thinking of the catholic church. brilliant acting. if you want a good cry, this is the one. and tom tryon is so handsome.
 This film is the DeJa Vue of what is currently happening in our country today regarding maintaining Religious Freedom and identifying those who are backsliding from saying they support religious freedom and then turn around and oppose those moral values that religions uphold. View this film along with the film "For The Greater Glory and you will see the reslemblence.
 Watched this movie on television the other day and discovered that it was far better than the updated movie starring Christopher Reeves.  Otto Preminger shows his masterful touch as director when he made this movie. At the very beginning he shows his ability to capture light, pattern and sound when you first see the priest walking presumably through the Vatican. There is an interesting interplay between light and shadow when you observe the many nuances of texture like and pattern showing the true beauty of this film.  The movie also follows the book closely, with some minor variations, meaning the movie is well written as the book was also. Through both the book and the movie you see how a man rises from a simple background to become a prince in the Catholic Church.  Acting in this movie is excellent as well is the music that provides background color.  Highly recommend.
 An energetic story of a Catholic priest that rises through the ranks of priesthood. The storyline embraces issues of faith and courage of conviction.  Directed by Otto Preminger, John Huston plays a supporting role that nominated him for best supporting actor.  Interestingly, Carol Lynley plays a duel role and Robert Morse (How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying) sings. Other notables include Burgess Meredith and Dorothy Gish.  This DVD is powerful family entertainment and definitely worth the price.
 47 years ago The Cardinal made its way to movie theatres featuring Tom Tryon in the title role. The fictional account of the a Catholic priest and his rise to being a Cardinal is first rate. Good storytelling and acting throughout this nearly three hour work. You don't have to be Catholic to appreciate The Cardinal....wonderful movie!
 I remember reading The Cardinal in high school when I was in study hall.  I couldn't put the book down.  Then the movie!  Compared to the films of that time, The Cardinal held quite true to the book, making it a "Must See".  I went to see it seven times, and finding it on DVD at Amazon was beyond belief, as I had thought it was a lost film.  The quality is quite good, Tom Tryon was stiffer than I remember, but played the roll well.  The cast was outstanding, most of whom are gone now.  Ahh!  Memories.
 The Cardinal is a gripping portrait of a young man's rise from priest to cardinal overcoming obstacles of faith and politics.  Always a rising star the young religious scholar has to face tough choices that test his faith.  It is his decision to remain faithful to his vows even at the expense of his pregnant sister and his own personal demons.  Despite politics of the Vatican he acheives the ultimate reward for his convictions.  He avoids the hypocrisy of the church in matters of belief.  He brings honor and honesty to a position that sometimes lowers itself to the least common denominator of expediency.  It is a redeeming experience even for those with questionable belief in the church.
 Though this is a work of fiction, it is a well researched story on the catholic faith and the trials and tribulations of the catholic priesthood. It provides minute details of the efforts and frustrations of the American cardinals to participate in the election of th Pope owing to distance and constraints on travel and time during a period when travel to Rome took weeks.The film provides a good insight into the training of the priesthood. A must see for those wishing to learn more about the catholic faith.
 This is a great movie, one of the best.  I have watched this movie several times on TV and a couple of days ago, I watched it on TCM.  I had forgotten how great Tom Tryon is as Father Foymolle.  The other actors, who did so well, in the roles that they portrayed were extremely good.  The music, for those who love movie music themes, was written by the same person who wrote the music for "The Big Country".  It is well worth buying and a constant reminder of all the ill effects of the times back in the days after WWI and now.  There is a tremendous colliating of ill feelings that are felt by all of us in one time or another, and are still striving to deminish(sp).
 The movie came in 3 days and in great condition.  I have always loved this movie.  For those who love Tom Tryon, it is one of his best.
 Good to see A MOVIE that was pre vatican 2.It brought back lots of memories of Catholic worship.A wonderful piece of history that still goes on.
 After so many years I wanted to see the "Cardinal again and it was refreshing to watch such a good movie with quality and moral. I am glad I purchased it because now I can watch it any time I want. I highly recommend this movie, we have lost in today's liberalism what is right or wrong and not to respect commitment and this movie shows that you should respect commitment and be true to your belief. Visia
 This is as good as I remember it when it was first released as a film in 1963.  This quote says it all, even now
 This movie was amazing. This deep and moving portrayal of a Irish American priest is honest and well done. It had profound statements and is a must see for everyone. It is a shame that this movie is un-known to most people for it is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
 I have not read the novel of which this movie is based so I can't judge it on that. But standing alone it is a great movie. The story is excellant and is very thought provoking, giving us plenty to think about. A true classic.......  Also this movie shows us what the church used to be like before Vatican 2 came along with all its scandals and turned the church upside down!!!
 I love this movie because Tom Tryon is sooooooooooo handsome.  I like all of his movies, especially Moon Pilot.  He's very pretty and sexy in this movie and he's a good actor, too.  If you are a woman and have never looked at Tom Tryon, you gotta see him!!
 This review is for the blu-ray import.  Movie is 112 minutes, widescreen, no subtitles, only special features are a trailer and a ten minute intro by James Guercio.  Picture quality is excellent except for some occasional sprinkles in the middle.  Great movie, waited for a blu-ray release, and despite the high price I am satisfied with it, at least until something better comes along.  The widescreen hi-def picture really brings out the beauty of the desert in the outdoor vista scenes.  Another scene is in the beginning when John sneaks up on Zipper with his magnum, you can make out the lettering on the gun barrel, try that with VHS tape or a standard DVD.  The colors are vibrant, no apparent fading.  The sound is great, didn't notice any defects.  Love the music, bought the soundtrack separately on CD.  What can I say about this movie except that if you saw this in your youth, it must of made quite an impression for you to try to find it again.  Motorcycles, good and bad cops, hippies, bike chases, great acting by most of the stars, and iconic 70's jazz/rock music that make this a very enjoyable film.  Guercio in his intro talks a little about the making of this movie and what he had to do to keep it under budget.  Maybe in retrospect it was a labor of love for him to put up with all the constraints and to persevere and try to create an important American film (his words).  A very 70's movie touching on the social changes America was going through for better or worse.
 This film was released back in 1973, but in 2011, 38 years later it is still sooooo Arizona. Robert Blake nails the role, and director Guercio nails the ending. The cinematography isn't fancy but it definitely works. I generally find it hard to watch older movies because new styles and new technologies have changed film making so much. But this is one oldie that still works. Now, if only Billy Jack had lived in Arizona instead of in New Mexico (Just kidding, this is NOT a Billy Jack movie!)
 ...desert, but roust hippies, chase women, get drunk, shoot off their guns, and ride their gorgeous Harley ElectraGlides (complete with saddlebags and that special saddle seat). This film has several things going for it
 This is a beautifully photographed movie set in Arizona in 1973. The story has a few slow moments , but stay with it. There is an amazing pay-off at the end. The soundtrack features music from the members of Chicago ( who also appear as extras in several scenes). This is an anti-"Easy-Rider film. Just watch and enjoy!
 I loved this film when I first saw it... and still find it marvelous. It is a character study of superb proportions. Each person being fully developed and fascinating. It is also one of the very few films that touch on the fetish of policemen and the uniform they wear, especially in the opening sequence when our short hero John Wintergreen dons his boots, badge and gleaming black and white helmet... and in the character of "Jolene (played perfectly by Jeannine Riley), who says "John Wintergreen, you were not my first policeman... no way, no way.  Part of the reason this film did so poorly in 1973 was the advertising posters and soundtrack record cover, which showed Robert Blake in uniform next to other men clearly a foot taller and the movie quote "Did you know me and Alan Ladd are the same height?", which led many to think this was a comedy. It clearly is not. It is at once a fine murder mystery, action film and, perhaps most importantly, a character study.
 The definition of a cult film must be that it is hard to find. And that many of your friends don't know it. Both of those are true here. In fact, there is no current Region 1 release, so I had to purchase it from amazon UK. It was worth the extra work and cost.  While the moral ambiguity in this film is timeless, it is in other ways a time capsule piece. A Neo Western that is essentially an anti-Easy Rider. Some of the acting (by the supporting cast) is, how should I say, heavy-handed, but it never approaches camp.  For serious fans of the movie, there are still a few frames missing from the end. These were reportedly cut from the U.S. theatrical release in order to get the rating down to a PG. Supposedly the original UK version was more graphic (I'm trying not to spoil anything). But this new release by Optimum, while R2, still does not include the 17 frames either. Presumably they used the US master?  In any case it's a great DVD
 Simply outstanding, shame this movie does not get mentioned  and is overshadowed by films like "Dirty Harry or "Die Hard".  Robert Blake is simply outstanding as an eager young, moral  cop trying to clean up the streets and vermin in a corrupt  world. Everyone is corrupt, his partner is publicly  abused as is his boss Harvey.  Blake plays Weathergreen a young cop who stumbles onto  a crime scene. Weathergreen actually does his own detective  work and is able to deduct that this isn't your regular  crime scene. It looks like a suicide but Weathergreen  knows it's a murder. As Weathergreen carries his investigatinn,  he sees how his corrupt workers abuse the name of the law
 I haven't see this DVD release yet, but with MGM releasing this DVD it should be good. Don't expect much, if any, Specials though. I have seen this movie and I believe it is the best thing that Robert Blake ever did. Good preformances all around. Too Violent for small kids. Leonard Maltin gives it a 3 out of 4 Stars. Take a look!
 An excellent character study (unfortunately not reasonably priced here) of a good hearted law enforcement officer trying to make good and compassionate choices . Trying to do the right thing . And the people who surround and hinder him in those efforts . Magnificently shot for the screen by Conrad Hall and directed with great skill by a film maker i do not recognize (but i may well have seen other films by him) . Great character development , writing and acting abound . Stream it , if you have the ability , just like i did . I'd never even heard of it .
 This movie is very good...Yes there are members of the group CHICAGO in the film..Especially roles played by Peter Cetera and the late Terry Kath. I still have the LP Soundtrack which featured members of Chicago on it. When it first came out I would play the eight track in my car and people would say...Hey is that Chicagos new album? Its still a good movie
 In this overly-ironic age, no one would consider producing such an earnest and moral movie. This was not the case in the early 70s and this film, a directorial debut, shows a little slice of life in 1973 Arizona. The photography is wonderful, making one ache for the wide open spaces of the desert. All of the performances are acceptable and some are most memorable, including those of Robert Blake as the central character and Mitchell Ryan as a bigoted, heartless and useless detective. Take off your 21st century spectacles and enjoy.
 This is one of my husbands favorites.  And not to let him know, I love it too.  You have to watch it to the end, paying special attention to the ending to understand it all, but a great film.
 This one of many many very good u.s. movies in the 70ties. Very well photografed and acted. A classic!  A. Pal
 A budget DVD released on Goodtimes homevideo (It used to be released on MGM). Picture quality of 'Jack the Giant Killer' is much better than the Vhs version (obviously) and about the same (if not better) than the Laser Disc release. This single layer disc runs 1 hour 36 minutes and is playable worldwide (NTSC). The movie stars Kerwin Williams &amp; the beautiful Judi Meredith and directed by Nathan Juran. There are no special features on this DVD except for scene index and play. The DVD is worth it even at this price. This is not the musical version but the regular movie version, The disc is made in Hong Kong (and/or Taiwan) as mentioned on the back of the DVD keepcase, but then again most budget DVDs are made there nowadays. The picture and sound quality is very good (Its the best I've seen of this video so far) and would get this classic before its too late.
 This is a great little film with stop motion animation (pre-CGI) that deals with magic, sorcerers, fearless heros with viking and a leprechaun. A favorite of mine as a kid with great performances by the  7th Voyage of Sinbad  cast, this movie is a family film that can be enjoyed by all ages.
 My husband has always loved this movie, I had never seen it. I bought it to watch at his birthday "Fantasy Fest movie party.  I thought it was going to be spectacularly awful, I was not mistaken. Nevertheless, it was one of those movies that is enjoyable despite the faults. I was surprised to find that I really liked it. It is very much in the same realm as Ray Harryhausen movies like
 Super reviews for both product and delivery!!  Thanks for caring and packaging the DVD for travel!!
 This product arrived in good time and condition. This product draws attention to hte fact that you don't need to be a giant to be a winner.
 When my father was receiving medical care, the doctor offered to write a prescription for a walker. He doesn't need a walker, I told the doctor, because he has one at home.  "Don't worry, the doctor replied. "The walker is free.  "Hold on there, bub, I said to Dr. E. Z. Munny. "It's not free. The taxpayers are paying for it.  "Yeah, you're right, he replied with a wry grin, "but they can afford it.  Our system is tottering with the current generation of old people leaning heavily on our over-burdened American budget but what will happen when the BIGGEST generation hits retirement (and becomes eligible for Medicare)?  Walker calls the massive numbers of baby boomers coming into retirement an "actuarial nightmare. People keep living longer and health care costs keep rising and according to Walker, President Clinton made problems much, much worse when he expanded medicare to cover prescription drugs. In this interview, Walker says, "We've promised way more than we can afford to do. We can't afford the promises we've already made.  He also states something I've observed for many years
 This was just what I needed to show to some of my clients.  Thanks !
 I don't think we can overstate the danger caused by our national debt.  Sadly, democracies tend to last only as long as it takes people to figure out that they can vote benefits for themselves and for someone else to pay for them.  In our case, previous generations (particularly the baby boomer generation) have voted for unprecedented benefits and have voted to leave the bill for their children and grand children.  This is the equivalent of one generation selling their children into slavery.  You can see the first part of the video on youtube [...]
 Any thinking American should see this report.  I am not a fan of 60 minutes since they have ruined many lives without accountability or remorse but this is a mandatory watch if you want to secure your future at all.
 David Walker is a true patriot.  As the Comptroller General of the U.S. (the nations chief accountant), he was in a position to know the real story of the U.S. economy and the political promises of the last 50 years.  Since Congress chose not to listen to him, he took his story public.  If you missed it on TV you need to see it now.  Unfortunately, David Walker has resigned but the problem still exists.  You'll want to have a conversation with your Senators and Congressmen after viewing this interview.
 Every taxpayer needs to be aware of the message Mr. Walker is presenting so that pressure is brought to bear on those that can effect the needed reforms to minimize the impact on our children and grandchildren.
 Joe Somebody is a pretty good family movie. movie is about an average Joe played by Tim Allen who gets zero respect from his peers and work buddies. after 10 years with the same company, he wasn't given the promotion he wanted, and after getting beaten up and embarassed in front of his daughter and co-workers, he decides to take a stand, and get back what he lost in the parking lot.   i LOVE Belushi's character, Chuck Scarett. he's a former actor who had one good movie, and then his career tanked. he now teaches karate, and as he says, 90 percent of his business comes from people who got their butts kicked. i love the interaction between the Allen and Belushi character. overall, solid and very enjoyable movie about your average Joe who wants to be somebody. also includes some special features with a HILARIOUS deleted scene from Belushi's character. good movie. good father's day present.
 These are two pretty funny movies for a decent price.  I never saw Joe Somebody until just recently but it worth owning and watching more than just one time.
 Most people have not heard of this movie, or would read it's professional reviews and skip it, which is a shame.  You probably can figure out the whole storyline within the first few minutes, but the way they get to it is not exactly the way you think it will be.  Tim Allen is GREAT in this, and I put that in capital letters for a reason.  He plays this role exactly how it should be played, and he is not anywhere close to Tim the Tool Man Taylor like you may be thinking.  Every role in this movie is played exactly as it should be, from the slimy boss to the has-been action star, the ex-wife who starts wondering why she left Joe to begin with, and the daughter who hides her talent so she doesn't stand out in the crowd.  A great movie that everybody should at least give a chance.  The seller does an excellent job in refinishing the DVD, and you can't beat the price.  It literally looked brand new.
 The reviews on this film have not been good. But I own it. And I like watching. It's one of those films that I (and I  think you will) enjoy. It will never make the AFI Top 100 of all time greatest films. But, the characters a likeable, you care about what happens to them, and the movie delivers a some good laughs. Tim Allen was excellent. I'd put this film in the class as It's a wonderful life , and Mr. Destiny. Also very good feel good films that are predictable. But who cares! They're fun.
 It's high time this fabulous film of Salome became available on DVD and I'm ordering it as soon as it's available on July 7th.  It's like diving into a feast of depravity.  Teresa Stratas, who would never have been able to undertake this great role in a staged production in one evening, nevertheless creates a filmed Salome that is pretty close to the absolute ideal.  Beautiful, sexy, and catlike, she brings the depraved Princess of Judea to life as no other.  As noted earlier, she lacked the sheer vocal power to bring this opera to life in the theatre, but in a film, with microphones, she comes across with aces to spare.  While she pretty much is the whole show, Astrid Varnay, herself a great artist, comes across as a beast-gorgon Herodias, whose own youthful sexual depravity now shows only in her distorted reptile-like face.  Her voice is in tatters, but it matters little in a role like this.  Her contribution to the success of this project is immeasurable.  The color is vivid, the location shots realistic ------ and if I'm rambling on about this, it's only because it's all so scary and fun.  Bohm was the greatest Strauss conductor of his time, and he brings the shattering music to the fore as only he could.  Buy it!!!!!!!!!
 Whether this is your first experience with Salome or if you are already a dyed-in-the-wool Strauss fan, this Salome is for you! Why?  As other reviews have mentioned, Teresa Stratas is beautiful and perfect for the role, and she remains totally involved in the action through the entire opera.  Also, Astrid Varnay is the quintessential Herodias, a "painted queen who is desperately clinging to her control over her husband and will use anything--even her own daughter to manipulate the man.  Her diabolical laughter resounds as pure evil.  Karl Bohm is the greatest Strauss conductor, and he shows it here, letting Strauss' chords rise just as powerfully as the composer would wish.  Bernd Weikl's strong voice of a prophet is perfect for the role of Jochanaan, and his looks complement the descriptions that Salome makes of him.  But what really makes this Salome a "must for you, is that this great one-act opera was produced as a film.  This allows the camera to go in close on the players in this psychologically tormenting story.  It actually helps us understand the interplay of all the characters as the camera watches their reaction to each other. Recordings, or even  live on-stage performances do not allow you to watch some of the reactions that are so important in a psychological drama such as this.  Money was not spared in the costuming and staging, which let you feel as if you're looking right at the Judea of Herod's time.  The director (Gotz Friedrich) has also frequently placed Salome and her mother side-by-side, so that we can compare their reactions to Herod.  It is a lesson in acting, to watch Herodias (Astrid Varnay) in her reactions to each sequence of Salome's dance.  Even the shocking old queen can be shocked.  Yes, the "Dance of the Seven Veils is perfect, but seeing Stratas lithely and gracefully moving around the stage is certainly just what Strauss intended for his prima donna, whom Herod calls "her mother's child. At the end, we find that Herod, Herodias, and Salome all end up being deliciously repulsive, yet fascinating.
 This 1974 film version of Strauss' opera is a dream come true as far as being released on DVD. It is probably the best version there is, with all roles being ideally cast. Stratas will leave you cold - she is great singer and a fantastic actress.
 Absolutely smashing! Apart from the great set design by Friedrich it is the casting that makes this production a masterpiece. While many have commented on the obvious excellence of the acting/singing performance of Stratas, I think Weikl makes a great Jochanaan - the voice, the presence, the look. Salome is right to be terrified of him, the references she makes to his pale body, his hair and then his mouth are all perfectly apt. Herod is perfectly decadent while Herodias is a complete wreck of a woman, in essence everything is as it should be. Even Narroboth is spot on - he looks like the typical Roman fool ready to die on his own sword!  Stratas's acting is incredible. I have never seen anything like it in opera in fact. I almost wonder if she overdoes it and plays Salome as almost too human where in fact she might be interpreted as being colder, less prone to expressions and feelings of fear than she might outwardly, at times, profess. I think it may be a matter of taste though and I was perfectly happy with this expressive and nuanced performance.  This is among my very favourite opera dvds.
 I agree with Robert Petersen.  I own the Laserdisc and have been awaiting this release.  The production really captures the ghoulish, erotic neurosis of the opera.  The acting is fabulous; so is the music.  This is the one to get!
 ATTENTION 'JUSTOLDBILL' ANKENBROCK -THE DVD 'MAHOGONNY' WITH STRATAS/VARNAY IS AVAILABLE IN THE MET'S JAMES LEVINE DVD PACKAGE
 I saw this production on TV many years ago and thought then that it was really good, I have now changed my mind, it is brilliant, although Teresa Stratas probably could not have sung the role on stage she excels here, her acting, dancing and singing is superb, is there any end to this womans talent? the rest of the cast is so well made that this is a masterpiece, the great Astrid Varnay is well cast here, vocally she is well past her prime but her experience in opera makes her the ideal Herodias. I have a number of performances with Stratas including Nedda and Violetta in La Traviata and she never puts a foot wrong no matter what she is doing. If you want Salome this has to be the only way to go. Brilliant, tense, sexy and overall frightening performance from Teresa Stratas, that is exactly what Salome should be. Karl Bohm's control of the orchestra is magnificent, but then this is the great Karl Bohm so you don't expect anything less.
 Why the devil won't DG release this on DVD? Without a doubt the best 'Salome' ever filmed. Casting, acting, direction & sets are all top notch & would be hard to better. There are some minor idiosyncrasies with the dubbing, but this could easily be fixed in the remastering on DVD. So if anyone from DG happens to read this, please take into consideration to my humble plea.
 I agree with all the glowingly positive reviews about this DVD.  I just want to say that any CD or DVD that Teresa Stratas has recorded is worth studying deeply.  She is an uncompromising artist and a total original.  She was one of the first operas singers to act like an actor and sing like an opera singer.  I know a lot of people talk about acting in opera, but what passed for acting in opera (even a generation ago)was mostly intellectual posing.  Teresa Stratas is the predecessor to Karita Mattila who is a singer-actor of the highest order.  Tha name Teresa Stratas is synoymous with great artistry.  Even when she fails she fails gloriously.  Astrid Varnay (who sings Herodias on this DVD) praised Stratas and her work on this Salome in her autobiography.
 This must be one of the best DVDs of opera available. Although it is old (1974) the image quality is more than fair, being a studio production The sound quality is excellent.  The director, G&ouml;tz Friedrich, really exhibits his genius in this production.  The sets are wonderful and very atmospheric, with an immense well at the side of the stage and the courtyard of Herod's palace being as it should. The costumes are very good, but above all the acting and the movement of the principles is superb.  Teresa Stratas must have given the performance of her life. She is perfect as Salome, playing the part of spoiled little brat that always had to have her own way, ignoring and really not caring about the consequences. She moves so much in tune with Strauss's music, she acts superbly and sings beautifully. Astrid Varnay, although grotesque in appearance portrays superbly the part of her mother. Bernd Weikl is vocally excellent and acts very well as Jochanaan, but he appears rather plumb and overfed for a starving prophet. The rest of the cast is good and Hanna Schwarz, as usual, is an asset to any production. Karl B&ouml;hm and the Vienna Philharmonic provide an immensely rich orchestral sound with a very tight and dramatic conducting from B&ouml;hm.  I have seen other productions of Salome on DVD and on the stage. I firmly believe that none of them even begins to approach this one in terms of quality. I recommend this set as being far better than all the others, including Peter Hall's superb production from Covent Garden. <a href="http
 As a longtime Strauss enthusiast, it took me an inexplicably long time to learn to love this opera.  It was this performance that finally brought me around.  B&ouml;hm leads a magnificant and authoritative traversal of the score and the casting is nearly ideal.  While the role of Salome stretches Stratas' voice to its limits, she is visually and dramatically the most appropriate Salome on video so far.  The production, from 1974, is a bit dated, but not enough to be disruptive to the viewer.  This may be the perfect DVD for those who are new to this opera and for those who know it well.  I'd give it more than five stars, if possible!
 G&ouml;tz Friedrich's production of Salome is a classic.  Stratas may not have been able to perform the title role on stage (for which Rysanek was thankful), but in this video she was wonderful.  She looks young, sounds wilfull, and dances with enough elan to be believable.  Astrid Varnay is the most memorable Herodias imaginable.  She tailors her histrionics to the screen, and the look she gives to the mention of jewels she doesn't know about is priceless.  Beirer is not a smooth vocalist, but he is perfect for the role.  Wieslaw Ochman's Narraboth is vulnerable but beautifully sung.  Hanna Schwarz, at the beginning of her career, is a very good Page.  Bernd Weikl, looking a bit like Rubeus Hagrid, is an inspiritational Jochanaan.  B&ouml;hm is B&ouml;hm, and in this repertoire that says it all.  We must hope that this video comes back to stores soon.
 This is one of the best opera productions I've ever seen.  It is so compelling.  The singing is superb and the costuming is perfect.  I thought it must be a recently recorded piece but was astoninshed to see that it was done in the seventies.  I am thrilled to have it in my collection of opera on DVD.  Thank you so much.....Albert Kleppe
 Wonderful performance from a star who never did the opera on the stage, but she's excellent in this production- but so is the rest of the cast. Bohm, as usual, is a master with R.Strauss. Well worth the price-particularly when compared to ticket prices.
 I've been hanging onto a tattered videotape of this production for years, and have been praying that it would eventually appear on DVD.  Stratas gives a riviting performance as Salome, and the rest of the cast and the conducting are equally fine.  No other production on DVD even comes close!
 There may be better voices singing this role or that, but this is the defining visual record of Salome. Stratas' interpretation is brilliant. I just watched the YouTube video of the final moments
 I am so happy I read these reviews....because this is the Salome I decided to add to my library especially after seeing Stratas in Pagliacci. I was in awe as this little vixen became obsessed with John the Baptist.....and the last scene with the head of John the Baptist is nothing but a shocker. This opera film is perfection....and the facial gestures of Salome and her Mom worthy of Oscars. Never has obsessive madness been so delicious.
 When I first moved to New York in 1979, I had the great good fortune to be cast as a supernumerary in the Metropolitan's production of MAHAGONNY with Stratas avd Varnay.  Their artistry and talent are well known.  I can attest to their friendliness and graciousness to a new kid in town.  What happy memories- and how wonderful it is to have this SALOME on DVD.  Now, if only DG would put the Met's MAHAGONNY on DVD, life would be complete.
 I concur with others' praise of this DVD for high-quality drama, opera, and music.  The one other DVD I have seen was the polar opposite
 I have had this performance on the old 12 video disc format for years and then the machine broke down. Now I have it back with this DVD. For those who love this opera Stradas is THE perfect Salome in the perfect vehicle. To make the leap from just great music to believability that Herodes would give up all just to see her dance you need an wonderful actress with a great voice and she's it. The production and supporting cast are wonderful as well especially since it's a film and you get views that a simple stage production can't do justice to.
 I have patiently waited for this film of Salome to be released on dvd.  One couldn't ask for a more perfect performance of this opera.  A very young Theresa Stratas looks convincingly like the heroine she portays.  And I have always felt she is the greatest singing actress since Callas.  Astrid Varnay is also marvelously campy as Herodias.  If you could only have a dozen opera dvd's in your collection this should certainly be one of them.
 Dark and fascinating opera about obsession, jealousy, incest and descent into madness.  Coming into "Salome completely unprepared and not knowing what's in store for me I was hypnotized and glued to the screen to the very end - who could ever guess that opera could be scary as best of psychological thrillers? - of course I was vaguely familiar with Biblical story about Salome but did not expect such intensity of emotions and sweeping music. It's funny how I actually watched whole darn thing with hands above my head and mouth gaping (where's Donizetti when you need him?) and even the lack of conventional arias didn't bother me, this was something completely different and the quality of sophistication and artistry involved here leaves me truly excited, though is not music I would return gladly on my own.  This DVD presents 1974. TV version (curiously it says 1976. in the liner notes) with excellent Teresa Stratas in title role - seeing her first, for me she would forever be Salome as she has beauty, looks, poise and dangerous vibe about her. Other artists were more or less secondary, except fascinating Astrid Varnay (Salome's mother Herodias) who was truly Medusa-looking and perfect choice for this role. The fact that artists were lip-synching didn't bother me at all because it was done well and I was too involved watching anyway. Excellent. The only problem now is that I might find other opera works too trivial compared to this.
 I never thought I could sit through a Salome.  The Amazon reviews were so outstanding that I was convinced that it would be a sacrilege not to purchase this DVD.  Bottom line
 Salome is, perhaps, the most thrilling Strauss Operas; the music is pure emotion and you can't stop to look and hear for a single moment. I've had heard this opera many times, including Caballe's version, and this one a number of times that I can't remember how many; that's why I couldn't resist this offer to have it forever. Teresa Stratas is perfect for the role and this time she raise the bar too high <a href="http
 You wouldn't think it (when you think of Stratas's slight figure), but this is a jaw-droppingly perfect rendering of Oscar's and Strauss's femme fatale.
 Everything about this recording is about as good as it gets - great photography, wonderful balance between orchestra and singers, and wonderful performances from the singers.
 I remember this production from televsion, and then someone made me a VHS copy from Japanese television, and when that disintigrated I spent a lot of money to get the laserdisc version and have it turned in VHS. Why?  In addition to being the superb German expressionistic production* with outstanding singer-actors (see previous reviews),I used it for years when I taught a humanities survey at Temple University.  The film shocked students into what opera can do.  It also became the basis for a paper assignment requiring students to analyze the film in terms of classic Freudian psychology.  There simply is no better Salome!  *I do not think that anyone has mentioned this yet.  Friedrich's production is not realistic but what might be called hyper-realistic.  In this it follows Wilde and Strauss whose prose and music are "over the top".  That is the way it should be.
 Great recording of this opera with stunning acting, singing and close-up filming.  Never been so fascinated by the plot, singing and acting -  all of which well known to me before.  This is a jewel of a DVD, taking advantage of things one cannot see nor hear while sitting in the opera audience.  For anybody buying this DVD, it's a bit tricky to get to the selection of the subtitles  -  for those who want to read in english what is sung in German.
 This DVD is a tremendous production all the way around. Richard Strauss's Salome is simply a wonderful opera to begin with, and Teresa Stratas as Salome is simply stunning. Her voice is flawless and she is beautiful as well, able to meet the demands of the role in every way. The entire cast is superb and appropriately creepy-just amazing.
 Teresa Stratas's acting is very convincing of a infatuated soul. The story itself is very heavy. I am not sure this is good for many 'Saturday-afternoon-opera' kind of audiences. I guess that is why this opera has not been well known in States / no offense.  The file was published at 70's. For that reason, you may not get the best visual or sound qualities in compare of modern production. But, it is worth to watch, and the performance is not set back.  I think this is an 'exhausted' opera. Not just for the orchestra which need to be seriously concentrated to do this opera. It must be extremely difficult to do the title role 'Salome'. She has to singing consistently with less-melodic music by Strauss (R), and also doing a great deal of acting. I am sure it is easy for any singers to lose many notes on this opera. It is just very difficult. I am thinking this opera is like a modern violin concerto, you just need to memorize it all. I don't know how a singer can do that. It is a miracle!  After watch is opera, I was thinking if I were there to tell Salome, I would say "hey girl, look, it's actually ok to not posses things or person you love so much; you can still have your love and enjoy all the beautiful things around by NOT own them; such like the blue sky, and a drop of morning dew...
 Cyber Bandit's is the best film I have seen in a long time. It has a great plot, fantastic acting and it get's you involved in the whole story. Both Martin Kemp and Adam Ant are at their best in this film. The accents are  lovely and the acting on their part is wonderful. A brilliant film.
 Shahrukh and Juhi have great chemistry together and I really enjoyed the movie story lines.  The supporting cast are excellent and the dancing and singing numbers are great.  "I'm sorry performed by Shahruk is brilliant.  This is a film worth keeping and watching again and again.
 I love this movie, it just makes you feel good. It also helps that Shahrukh Khan is in it..
 I love this movie, Shahrukh Khan is funny and very talented at playing a good guy and bad guy.  I recommend it.
 Javed Abbas (Jackie Shroff) is widowed Police Officer with four children. His partner is Arun Verma (Shahrukh Khan). Both Javed and Arun are honest, hard-working and diligent. And this leads to the "death of Javed in mysterious circumstances. After Javed's death, Arun takes over the responsiblity of looking after his four children. He does run into several problems and decides to seek the help of Geeta Choudhary (Juhi chawla), who readily agrees and moves in with him and the four children. The children take an instant liking to Geeta, and things seem to settle down. One day Arun finds out that his former partner's death was really a homicide. When he attempts to investigate, charges of drug-trafficking, and bribery are brought out against him, He finds out that Geeta is not what she claims to be, and is living a double life.
 This fun and funny crime caper has a great cast and lots of south-of-the-border flavor that makes it an entertaining 88 minutes at the movies. William A. Seiter's Borderline is a nifty little film that has more in common with The Big Steal than the noir film it is often advertised as. It is a blend of humor, crime and fun that grows on you more and more until its snappy ending.  It seems both the L.A.P.D. and United States Treasury Customs wants to stop a dope smuggling ring bringing narcotics across the border from Mexico. Claire Trevor is the enthusiastic if green L.A. cop Madeline Haley, a former O.S.S. agent who talks her way into the assignment of going down south in an attempt to get information on the nasty middleman Pete Ritche, hoping it will lead them to Mr. Big. TV's Perry Mason, Raymond Burr, is the heavy in the white suit, Ritche, and plays the role with menace.  Madeline sort of stumbles into Ritchie but before she can find anything out, Johnny Mackland, an unknown player working for the L.A. end of the connection, hijacks Ritchie's gold so he can make a deal for the next shipment. He ends up taking Madeline with him after the guns are drawn and the chase is on.  The chase across Mexico, as they try to avoid Ritchie and elude the cops is a lot of fun. Madeline and Johnny start telling each other tall tales and warming up to each other along the way. When Johnny's pal Miguel gets shot they have a body on their hands to deal with, complicating the chase even more. Fred MacMurray is good as Johnny, the cop who doesn't know Madeline is a cop, who doesn't know he's a cop!  Sort of a fun pulp film with more flavor than a habanero pepper, Trevor gives a cute performance as she begins to like Johnny, even getting a bit jealous of the oh so friendly young and pretty daughter of a not too smart Mexican cop. He unknowingly helps them garner a plane to Encinada for the big deal. As the two near the border, each regrets having to turn the other one in because they've fallen for each other.  Once they get straightened out on just who works for who, a rousing shoot-out with Ritchie and his gang climaxes a great ending to this very fun to watch film. A film that's meant as entertainment, it doesn't take itself too seriously, and neither should you. Fans of genre films like this will enjoy going south of the border with this one.
 "I'm trying to make up my mind, whether you have a touch of class or not. That's Fred MacMurray, talking to Claire Trevor as they are speeding down a dirt road in Mexico with a parrot cage full of drugs. They are both narcotics agents, but neither realizes this about the other. Oops, here's a wagon full of hay blocking the road; that balky donkey won't go. And, wow, it just got worse
 The Roan edition of Borderline looks very good.  Based on what else is available, the Roan disc is the only one I can recommend.  There are no problems.
 Originally aired as a CBS miniseries, this Italian-British-American production features a subdued Burt Lancaster as a man struggling with the heavenly responsibility of liberator of the children of Israel.   Backed by an international cast and a magnificent Ennio Morricone score, this is a rarity as a Biblical epic, one devoid of the big-budgeted special effects and over-the-top acting so characteristic of the genre. It tells one of the most important and essential stories of all time in a poignant and challenging way.   A great film for fans of the actor and great storytelling,  Moses  transcends over all others.
 Let me say first--U can get the complete miniseries of "MOSES THE LAWGIVER". I playing it in my dvd player as I'm writing this.  I always wanted that and wondered how I could get that.  They have it in Europe but not here in America. and the reason is, they have the miniseries in PAL format and the edited in america's format. so I went ahead and order the edited one. and before it came, I found out that if you have the right dvd player u can play Europe movies.  Then I went ahead and ordered a dvd player that plays both PAL and NTSC formats.  Then ordered the miniseries from Amazon in Europe.  AND IT'S MUCH BETTER!!!!
 This is a very good movies, I'am glad i purchased it. the best acting i have seen in a long time. mnbrown49
 To quote from the War Blade book, "The best way to defeat a knife attacker is to first become a skilled knife fighter. I couldn't agree with that statement more, and I firmly believe that anyone else who agrees with it can do no better than the War Blade program. Sammy's concise, logical and realistic approach completely does away with any notion of the glorified fencing that you see in movies that has no basis in reality. Though I hope I never find myself in a knife fight, if I am ever assaulted with a knife I'm confident that the skills I learned and continue to learn from this program will increase my chances of getting out alive dramatically.
 I'm a big fan of the Contemporary Fighting Arts DVDs.  "War Blade, covers all the basics of tactical knife fighting with additional information and drills for both advanced and beginner knife fighters. Mr. Franco covers (among other things) the ranges of knife combat, knife grips, knife fighting stances, and knife defense.  He clearly explains the reasoning behind each technique.  I do not have much experience with knife fighting.  After watching this DVD and practicing the drills, I feel much more confident with my knife fighting skills.  I highly recommend this video to knife owners or anyone thinking of purchasing a knife.
 I first had this ballet on Laser Disc and watch it at least a dozen times. It was the best photographed ballet I had seen up to that time. The DVD is even better since the images are sharper; and it is still the best photographed of any ballet I have seen. The close-ups are excellent and in no way impede the dancing. While I don't considered myself an expert on dance, I have 40 ballet DVDs and see 2 or 3 live productions a year.
 I drafted this review just after having finished viewing "Josephs Legende (music by Richard Strauss), the ballet, as the great John Neumeyer choreographed the work, altering it somewhat from its original 1914 conception. Kevin Haigen appears in the title role and, let me tell the world, HE IS FABULOUS, a wonderful dancer already at this point in his career (1977) and physically of achingly youthful male loveliness, all the more so as his body is stripped to a mere loincloth, revealing his superb physique. The video is exceedingly well filmed, one that expertly captures the stage view, whether, variously, up-close or recessed, delivering what a dance-minded viewer wants and needs most to see, and the audio aspect satisfies, too, the great orchestra`s playing luxurious and vivid (the conductor, Heinrich Hollreiser, being very experienced as a conductor of Strauss` music), captured in good sound. This DVD (Deutsche Grammophon 00440-073-4315) is truly extraordinary and any lover of classical ballet ought to obtain it (or at least to find a way to watch it). Since I. Taylor already has written perceptively of this filmed ballet, in his user`s review for Amazon`s sister U.K. WWW site (to which I refer those interested), my comments here are brief (and confirmatory).  Musicologists long have tended to denigrate Strauss` music in this particular score, but it works with wonderful immediacy as a balletic theatre piece and, in context, is lushly gorgeous and drammatically apt. I wanted, without delay, on first viewing, to watch this DVD over and over again, which is not hard to do, given that the ballet is fairly brief. John Neumeyer`s choreography is quite beautiful and interestingly inventive, potently erotic in an headily pansexual manner, a wonderful vehicle for Kevin Haigen`s immense talent as well as for the other dance soloists, of whom Franz Wilhelm, as Potiphar, is particularly fine. Otain this DVD without further delay; it will be one to cherish and to view many times over!
 This a superb recording of the video (ballet) and music of Strauss.  A rarely performed work the is great Strauss.
 DVD's are not the technology that I use very often to collect recorded music, simply because the music has to be played through my B-speakers if I want to see the show at the same time. This time I had the prospect of acquiring an out-of-the-way piece of Strauss (whose music I adore) available on DVD, and while the sound probably does not do justice to the VPO's playing, the visuals are remarkable enough to make up for that just this once.  The story-line does not amount to much in the bare biblical version - Potiphar's sulky wife spurns him but is greatly taken with Joseph - so an extra participant is invented in the shape of an angel who first appears to Joseph in a dream and whose later relevance to the narrative is uncertain. In this production he is there for the way he looks, and what he does is secondary.  My favourite kind of Strauss plot should feature a certain amount of `decadence' or at least voluptuousness, and the effect comes over from the music as I had hoped. This score is nearer in effect to Rosenkavalier than to Elektra, and that suits me. However the really serious attempt at sensuality is provided by the male corps de ballet, plus the lead roles of Joseph, Potiphar and the angel. The main troupe's entrance is preceded by the women dancers, as well as Mrs Potiphar herself, but her supporting ladies are chastely attired in long white robes, the effect being artistic rather than arousing. Enter the blokes and we are encountering something else entirely. There is a simply huge display of male physique on lavish and more or less permanent show until Potiphar's poor unsatisfied wife is left forlorn at the end. It surely must be judged an A+ parade from anyone's point of view, whether the standard of assessment used is aesthetic, erotic or athletic. As for the actual dancing, its technical and gymnastic standard has me astounded, but as I have always been notably inept at foxsteps, quicktrots and such like simpler routines perhaps you should check that more discerning critics have a similar opinion. However if they have any significant criticisms I can only suppose that they must be setting the bar very high indeed.  As dance-narrative it is all superb too. Admittedly the story is not very complicated, but the choreography almost makes any programme-notes superfluous just as a guide to the overall action. It also catches the moods and expressions of the principals very well, and the outstanding piece of dance-acting surely has to be the simply terrific exhibition of sexual arousal that Judith Jamison puts on in her attempt to seduce the slightly bamboozled Joseph. This should be taken as an implied compliment to the camera work as well, which is of exemplary clarity.  Supposing we need it, there is a synopsis of the action provided in the liner, and it is a model of brevity and simplicity. John Neumeier himself provides a 2-page essay. This may strike you as a bit hifalutin, but Neumeier is who he is, and there is a great deal of interesting detail in what he tells us. Among such details is the disclosure that Strauss later made a concert suite out of this score, and I may even have heard of it at some previous time. Perhaps I shall collect it just for completeness, but my main motivation in buying this disc was musical, it gives me the composer's first ideas for this enjoyable story, and from that point of view, more than the visuals, I have got what I was looking for.
 I'm not too sure what all the bad reviews are all about for this film.  After "reviewing them myself, I'm gathering that most think that this movie isn't quite "up to par with previous Gadget movies.  However, if you're like us and have only seen this one, then you'll love it!  It's just full of neat surprises and look out for the toddlers in your house - they will just LOVE it.  This is the only full-length movie my little one ever sat through and asked to watch again!  He just loves all the gadgets and silly things the Inspector does and says.  He's seen it so many times now that he can quote it and sing the songs.  French Stewart has a natural aptitude for physical comedy and it really comes through in this movie.  I appreciated seeing him in something besides "Third Rock from the Sun.  This is definitely a little boy movie (toddler age) and older, and fun for girls too (Gadget's niece Penny is there to help solve the case).  I wouldn't pass on this one just because of expectations.  Just watch it for what it is - it isn't a movie masterpiece but it wasn't intended for such acclaim.  It was made to just sit back and have fun for an hour or so and that's what it does in a very wonderful, imaginative way.  Highly recommend!
 With bold cartoon colors and gadgets and gizmos a plenty, this will keep the kids entertained for hours and hours as they play it over and over again. This time round Inspector Gadget is played by French Stewart - he's just perfect for this role - he's boldly cartoonish and so clumsy you just can't help but love him. His antics and gadget 'glitches' will make you laugh and the special effects really bring it to life. With everything from eye-popping spring loading gadgets to the return of the much loved wise-talking Gadgetmobile. This one is especially for the kids - with a very welcomed 'G' rating - The DVD is packed with extras that even the Mum's and Dad's will enjoy, such as the bloopers and deleted scenes. I've already preorderd one for my niece's  birthday - she's 7 and a big fan of the Inspector Gadget cartoons. - I know this won't disappoint.
 I enjoyed Inspector Gadget 2.  I watched the first one with my grandchildren and we got together again for # 2.  It was a fun time for all, as we watched Inspector Gadget try to outshine his new lady love.   Full of great special effects, lots of gadgets and action, this movie held the attention of the children, which is a plus in my book. If you just want to relax, giggle a little, and not have to let our brain work overtime to figure out a movie, this one is for you and your entire family.
 We watched the first Inspector Gadget movie and were disappointed.  We weren't too sure that we were up for a second helping, but gave it a try.  We were glad we did!  The second movie moves along much quicker, is brighter and funnier.  French Stewart gives Gadget much more heart than the original, and he is more entertaining to watch as he seems to have a natural affinity for physical comedy.  We liked the mysterious Claw - more like the comics.  The computer generated images popping out were great fun and the actors handled them well.  Our kids are 7 and 8 years old and they followed the plot, and the humor, easily and had several laugh-out-loud moments.  The many extras on the DVD provided more loud laughter and even interaction.  This is a great movie for families, or anyone needing a laugh.
 This (inexplicably) low-budget direct-to-video sequel to "Inspector Gadget for some is Go-Go-Gadget Fun for the whole family. Unlike "The Lion King II
 Inspector Gadget 2 is a Disney direct-to-DVD sequel to the 1999 feature film of the same name and based on the classic 1980's animated cartoon series. French Stewart(3rd Rock from the Sun)steps in for Matthew Broderick as the bumbling cyborg super cop who is teaming up with a female Gadget named G2(Elaine Hendrix) to thwart Dr. Claw and his M.A.D. agents from taking the city of Riverton under siege. D.L. Hughley is hilarious as the voice of the Gadgetmobile and the CGI special effects was cool and enjoyable to watch. The special features includes a behind-the-scenes look of the movie, deleted scenes and bloopers, and trailers of other Disney favorites like George of the Jungle 2 and Atlantis
 THIS IS MOVIE IS A MUST SEE FOR ANY SCI-FICTION FAN,THE STORY IS GOOD,THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE GREAT,THEY DID IT THE OLD FASHIONED WAY, WITH MODELS, REAL EXPLOSIONS,HAND BLUIT MINIATURE LANDSCAPES,AND IT ALL LOOKS GREAT!. THE CAST IS ALSO PRETTY GOOD, YOU HAVE MALCOLM MCDOWELL AND MICHAEL PARE, THEY BOTH GIVE A DECENT PREFORMANCE IN THIS MOVIE,BUT?, ANYONE WHO WENT TOO THIS MOVIE WAS THERE TO SEE THE VERY NEET ATTACK HELICOPTERS. THIS IS AN EXCELLENT LITTLE MOVIE,WHICH DID SHOW IN A LOT OF MAJOR THEATRES IN (1989),AT THE VERY LEAST, THIS MOVIE IS WAY,WAY BETTER THAN ROLAND EMMERICH'S  GODAWFUL GODZILLA   MOVIE ,WHICH WAS A VERY, VERY ,BAD MOVIE!,INDEED.
 I WAS ACTUALLY LOOKING FOR A HISTORICAL MEDIEVAL MOVIE WHEN I CAME ACROSS THIS LITTLE GEM.  I'M A DIE-HARD MEDIEVALIST AND HORROR FAN, SO I WAS INTRIGUED BY THE TRAILER AND DECIDED TO WATCH, THINKING TO MYSELF I'D PROBABLY NEVER FINISH IT.  BOY,WAS I EVER WRONG!  FOR HAVING BEEN MADE ON A LIMITED BUDGET, THIS MOVIE IS TRULY EXCEPTIONAL.  IT IS BOTH TOTALLY BELIEVABLE AND FUNNY AS HELL IN PLACES, AS IT SLOWLY BUILDS TO IT'S SAD AND HORRIBLE CLIMAX. IF YOU WANT SLICK DIALOGUE AND SPECIAL EFFECTS, THEN THIS IS NOT YOUR MOVIE. IF YOU WANT TO SEE A GOOD FILM ABOUT REAL PEOPLE SHOWING US JUST HOW BADLY JEALOUSY CAN MAKE US BEHAVE AND WHAT THE "PACK INSTINCT CAN DO WHEN IT RUNS AWRY, THEN WATCH THIS MOVIE. PLUS, IT HAD SOME OF THE MOST REALISTIC LOOKING INJURIES I'VE EVER SEEN ON FILM. IF YOU LOVE GOING TO MEDIEVAL FESTIVALS LIKE I DO, YOU WILL NEVER ATTEND ANOTHER ONE AFTER WATCHING THIS, WITHOUT FIRST REMEMBERING THE CONSEQUENCES OF TAKING ROLE PLAYING WAY TOO FAR.
 Having found some info about this randomly on IMDB.com a few weeks back, the Wild Hunt has been in the back of my mind as one of those "must-see indie films ever since. Last night I was able to catch a screening of this on DVD and I was absolutely blown away. The cinematography, colors, storyline, character development - it was all mesmerizing. Not having known that any of this culture existed, I was happy to see how respectful the film makers were of the "live action role playing that this movie is based off of. Nothing seemed cliche, or forced, or mocked at all. I could see the appeal of the "game", as well as the incredible ways in which the filmmakers sought to capture the raw humanity of these characters - as people feeling most free to express themselves when they were able to do it as a "character in the game. As you may already know, events do get tense as the storyline progresses. I had forewarning from what I'd already read, but I wasn't prepared for the ways that the movie made me feel. It was absolutely surreal, beautiful, heartbreaking, haunting and truly a smart film. Highly recommended, no question.
 Third quarter of Sophomore world cultures is devoted to WWI.  As a teacher, the high point of the entire school year is tying the book, events, and movie together.  The movie is so tightly scripted that it  becomes easy for my students to follow each chapter as we look at it  through the eyes of the camara.  Black and white and poor sound did not  take away from the incredible story; my students were pinned to their  seats.  All were awestruck when the French advanced on the German trenches,  and several cried when Paul died.  I've seen this movie dozens of times,  yet it still moves me.
 I can only re-iterate the comments passed by most of your other reviewers,  a real master piece. Dated? maybe, the acting is of another age. but for all that the story and cine-matic quality reigns amongst the greatest of all time. The 1st world war is seen through a young, ordinary lad at first enthusiastic to serve his nation after a barrage of lecturing  led by his school master on how glorious to wear a uniform with the girls flocking at your feet, the pride of the nation,ect,ect. He and most of his school mates join up only to be confronted with the reality of trench warfare.The story is quite straight forward but interwoven are really great episodes eg
 AS A VIETNAM (HELICOPTER CREWCHIEF AND DOOR GUNNER) VETERAN, I ENCOURAGE ANY YOUNG OR ANY AGE MAN OR WOMAN FASCINATED WITH THE GLORY OF WAR TO SEE THIS MOVIE, THIS IS THE REALITY OF WAR AND IT'S TRUTH AND UGLINESS IN RAW FORM! EACH GENERATIONAL WAR IS FOUGHT DIFFERENTLY WITH THE ENVIRONMENT AND THE WAYS IT IS FOUGHT TECHNICALLY, AND AS I WATCHED THIS MOVIE I COULD ONLY IMAGINE THE REALITY OF WHAT THESE WWI SOLDIERS MUST HAVE REALLY WENT THROUGH LIVING AND FIGHTING "IN AND OUT OF THE TRENCHES IN EUROPE AT THIS TIME! THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THIS CLASSIC WWI WAR FILM IS CELEBRATED WITH THIS FIRST CLASS PRESENTATION OF A TWO DISC SET (BLU-RAY AND DVD) IN "BOOK FORM. INCLUDED INSIDE IS A VERY INFORMATIVE BOOKLET ABOUT THIS EXCELLENT MOVIE WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY "LEONARD MALTIN", PLUS MOVIE FACTS AND HISTORY, BIO'S ON THE DIRECTOR AND THE STARS IN THIS MOVIE, ORIGINAL MOVIE POSTERS, SCENE PHOTOS AND MUCH MORE THAT I REALLY ENJOYED VIEWING! OVER THE YEARS I HAVE VIEWED THIS GREAT WWI MOVIE ON TV, AND HAVE PURCHASED THE VHS, AND REGULAR DVD, AND HAVE EXPERIENCED IT'S CINEMATIC FLAWS DUE TO IT'S AGE AND HANDLING, BUT THIS "BLU-RAY PRESENTATION "MASTERFULLY RESTORED BY THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS IS THE BEST YET! IT IS TOTALLY CLEANED UP, SHARP IN FOCUS AND RICHLY ENHANCED IN B&W SATURATION, A JOB VERY WELL DONE FOR THIS 1929/1930 ACADEMY AWARD WINNER(S) FOR "BEST PICTURE AND "BEST DIRECTOR, LEWIS MILESTONE", AND THE FIRST "ALL TALKING (NON-MUSICAL) FILM TO WIN THE ACADEMY AWARD. THE ONLY FLAW WITH THIS RESTORED BLU-RAY VERSION OF THIS WWI WAR MOVIE IS THE SOUND QUALITY, BUT AGAIN I CONSIDER THE AGE AND TECHNOLOGY OF WHEN THIS FILM WAS MADE. A GREAT BUY AND A VERY NICE ADDITION TO MY MOVIE COLLECTION!
 I just watched this for the first time, and it really is a film that ages well. Sure the quality of the film and sound is somewhat hard to watch due to the extreme age, but the story still impresses today.  I know this story is famous as an anti-war message, but I don't necessarily see that when watching the movie. If it is strictly viewed as anti-war, then I would not really agree with it politically. (I sure don't think war is good, but it is necessary at times.) And when I see this film, I see a story that points out the evil and ugliness of war. I think it's good to be reminded of that to keep our priorities straight.  All told, this film is well-made, and it perfectly illustrates the ugly side of war. I would recommend this to anyone.
 All Quiet On The Western Front won the Oscar for Best Picture of 1930 and it deserved to win. This movie is far and away the best "early talkie I've ever seen. The plot moves along at a good pace and the action scenes could not have been better planned or filmed. We see the horrors of war and the film sends the clear message that war is very bad to say the least.  When the action starts, we see German Professor Kantorek (Arnold Lucy) telling his class that it is an honor to fight; and he adds that there will be glory for them if they join the German army and fight in World War One. As he does this, troops marching off to war parade in front of the school as if war was all about impressing the young ladies. Practically the whole class of young men signs up to fight--and that's where the real action begins.  Another reviewer commented that this was a 1930s version of "Saving Private Ryan; and they are right. The battle scenes that inevitably follow show the horrors of war with rampant death and destruction of cemeteries, villages and countryside. We see the very young men soon finding out that war is not some easy little game; they also learn just how fast they can die--and how they must kill without mercy if they are immediately confronted by an enemy soldier.  In particular, we see much of the action through the eyes of a young German soldier named Paul B&auml;umer (Lew Ayres). Paul begs a French soldier for forgiveness after he mortally wounds him but it's too late--the soldier has died. Paul promises the dead soldier that he'll help his widowed wife and daughter; but that may be hard for Paul to actually do given the circumstances. We see war buddies breaking up in tears during their first "bombardment; and they must kill huge colonies of rats infesting their bunkers which are barely holding back flying shrapnel and flying dirt as the bombs hit.  Not all of the other characters are developed to the same degree as Paul; but one that is would be Kat Katczinsky (Louis Wolheim). On the surface, Kat seems to have a pretty tough hide but deeper down he's an amiable fellow who really wants the war to be over just as much as Paul does. We also get to know Franz Kemmerich (Ben Alexander) who suffers the fate of having his leg amputated after an injury, much to the horror of Paul and the other young men from their school. Another interesting character is Himmelstoss the mailman (John Wray) who becomes ridiculously obsessed with his "authority as a Sergeant who is actually petrified of war and who eventually gets told by a soldier not to cry about "a scratch that he gets. In addition, look for a good performance by Beryl Mercer who plays Paul's mother Mrs. B&auml;umer.  The DVD doesn't come with many extras; we get an introduction by Robert Osbourne and there are subtitles. However, the movie is so well done and so well restored that I can overlook this.  All Quiet On The Western Front sent home the message that war is full of horrors, death and destruction. We see soldiers on all sides trying desperately just to stay alive and of course there is no respect for one's fellow human being. I highly recommend this film; it would be quite a fine addition to your DVD collection.
 All Quiet on the Western Front is an excellent adaptation of the Erich Maria Remarque novel about the horrors of war. It follows several German students from the classroom into the trenches as they die one by one. The story features many random stories depicting one boy, Paul Malvern's (Lew Ayres) experiences similarly to the way the book was organized. There are many powerful scenes, like boys going mad in the trenches, the sickening experience of the boys' first battle, and Paul killing a man up close.  Because this film was made at the beginning of the "golden age of Hollywood, viewers might expect it to be highly sentimental and preachy. Although its anti-war message is blatant, it is surprisingly underplayed and straight-forward.  The first few times I tried to watch this film I was put off almost immediately. The sound quality suffers because the film was made so early in the talkie era. The opening scene where the teacher preaches to the students about the glories of war is a bit long. However, after that scene, I soon found myself glued to the screen. Give the film a proper chance before condemning it.
 A powerful indictment of the tragedy of WWI, as seen through the experience of a German squadron, drawn from an elite German school.  The bright-eyed enthusiasm and esprit de corps of the youthful recruits is relentlessly ground down under the weight of bombardments, starvation, grime, bloodshed and indifference.  As the film's hero, Paul, declares in his famous speech at the film's end, dying for one's country isn't glorious -- "it's dirty and it's painful.  Beautifully shot in black and white, this film slowly, mercilessly, artfully rachets up the tension, with battle scenes and psychological dramas that are literally and figuratively gut-wrenching.  This celebrated film, made a decade after the end of the First World War, summed up the disillusioning pall the war cast upon its generation with much the same cathartic power as the movie "Platoon would, more than half a century later.  It's pretty strong stuff, surprisingly so for the time; an early talkie, it suffers soundwise in scenes with dialogue, but is crushingly powerful in its use of battlefield sound effects.  Lew Ayres, who plays Paul, is both magnetic and intense, as his Leonardo Decaprio baby face hardens into an anger-filled John Wayne-ish mask.  Although this film established many of the conventions of the war genre, it did so  unsentimentally, thus escaping the cliched feel of its many imitators.
 I read the book and saw the movie years ago. Since then I have been studying WWI and have visited the battle field.  The more I know, the more I cannot understand. The carnage! The ossouary at Duamont.  I compare this story with "Under Fire, the French novel, as well as "Paths of Glory. I think All Quiet is grittier than "Paths, and even though "All Quiet was a Hollywood production, it feels like you are with the Germans.  I particularly liked the charge over no man's land and the scene just beforeLouis Wolheim died. "We have no more young men. Our guns are all shot out. We have lost. I saw this movie when AMC was showing it and I absolutley love it. It really has a good message. You watch gungho young kids wanting glory from the war and soon get to be hardened veterans and aged men, scared by war. A  truely remarkable movie that was revolutionary for it's time, it is  defineatley not a flag waver.
 All Quiet on the Western Front has finally gotten the DVD that it deserves. After languishing for years in a stopgap DVD release that was difficult to hear and had terrible picture quality, this classic anti-war film has been restored by the Library of Congress and digitally remastered. The results are fantastic.  Note
 This reviewer give this move 5 stars.  It is actually 10 out of 10.  Some people will say the movie's black and white color is distracting.  This the Great War we are watching.  Only the paintings were color.  Color photography was not invented yet.  So it actually enhances the feel of the movie.  This movie is a great.  It completely captures what trench warfare was like.  It was a muddy, miserable life with rats and little food.  Somebody was always shooting at you.  That is trench warfare.  The basic plot is about a school student, Paul, who is convinced by his school teacher to join and fight with the army in 1915.  The class enlists in mass, goes through training together, and then march off to fight at the Western front.  The movie is like chapters in a book.  Most Americans don't understand what old Germany was like.  Old Germany was a land of Christian values.  The Kaiser (translation
 Winner of the 1930 Oscars for Best Picture and Director, "All Quiet on the Western Front remains a stunning and timely film.  Based on Erich Maria Remarque's classic anti-war novel, the movie follows a group of patriotic German schoolboys as they are urged to enlist in World War I, and shows how their initially idealistic spirits are forever changed by the brutal reality of death and dismemberment, suffering and sorrow.  Beautifully acted by its entire cast (with special kudos going to Lew Ayres, Louis Wolheim, and Slim Summerville), the film also features some incredible special visual effects (those two detached hands clinging to the barbed wire fence never fail to shock) and some meticulously staged battle scenes that manage to put the viewer into the heart of the action.  Arthur Edeson's cinematography is often truly astonishing in its artistry; his visual choices are impeccable.  Worth a special note is the film's soundtrack; how incredible the terrible sounds of exploding ammunition must have seemed to audiences in 1930, who had first heard Al Jolson speak in 1927's part-talkie, "The Jazz Singer"!  The very last sound effect in the film, which abruptly and startlingly leads to the close of the movie, is superbly executed and remains an innovative use of sound technology.  The Universal DVD release of this film features a great sound transfer
 For a movie in the 1930's, Lewis Milestone's adaptation of All Quiet On The Western Front, based on Erich Maria Remarque's novel, follows the book reasonably well.  However, rather than starting with the soldiers lining up to get the cook Ginger's stew per the novel (that part comes later), it starts with Paul Baumer's school teacher telling him and his fellow students that they are the light of the Fatherland, the iron men of Germany, the brave heroes who will repulse the enemies when called to do so.  In other words, he's exhorting them to enlist, which they do, pressed into patriotism in what was initially thought to have been a quick war with small losses. From the start, the recruits are eager to get into uniform and to the front, and are puzzled by the behaviour of burned-out experienced soldiers like Tjaden and Kat.  This latter, a large, pleasantly ugly man has a knack for scrounging for food and finding enough for the group, and soon, all the recruits stick with and respect this man, especially after their first bombardment.  When one of the recruits realizes he has wet his trousers, Kat tells him not to worry about it, as it's happened to better men. The stages of attacking, the bombardment, attack, counterattack, and repulse, is presented in graphic detail for that period, with the shots of men dying by artillery shells, being bayoneted, or machine-gunned.  Some recruits go crazy waiting in the bunker during the bombardment, and one of them rushes outside, only to get cut down by bullets.  And the aftermath isn't pretty for some.  Franz Kemmerich ends up in the infirmary and has his leg amputated.  From the grueling experience of phantom limb pain to the realization that one has lost his limb, the greed of some like Muller who wants Franz's nice boots, to the unconcern of the doctors who see Franz's death as another free bed, war is hell. War changes people's perspectives.  Paul fights and stabs a French soldier at close quarters in a foxhole, and he pleads and apologizes to the dying man, telling him that without these uniforms, they could be friends, and promising to write to his wife.  And on leave, Paul is clearly alienated from the older civilians who have no clue that war has burned out his soul, and just keep telling him to give those Frenchies a licking and push on to Paris.  I'd go for Tjaden's solution to war
 The film begins with a group of German schoolboys, including the film&#65533;s main star Paul, listening to a statement by their teacher about why they should join the army. Outside, a group of soldiers are parading down the street to cheering crowds and parading music. Filled with images of the glory and honor of serving in the war, the boys decide to enlist. After their military training, they arrive at the front where they learn all there is for them is hunger, fear and death. They fight rats as well as the enemy and they watch the slaughter of soldiers from both sides and even kill some of them. In one moving moment, Paul kills a French soldier and stays in a blast crater with the dying soldier, asking for forgiveness.   Among one of the other powerful scenes is when Paul goes on leave and returns to his town. There, he visits his former teacher, who is giving another lecture to another group of students about why they should join the army. When asked to talk about the war, Paul says &#65533;We live in the trenches and we fight. We try not to be killed. Sometimes we are-That&#65533;s all&#65533;. He is booed at by the boys who see him as a coward. Meanwhile, when he talks with a group of old-timers, he is told to push on to Paris. After fighting for too long, he fells that the only place he is conformable at is at the front. When he returns back to his unit, he finds that only a few remain and most of those are recruits who were once like him
 I have seen All Quiet on the Western Front a couple of times this past year (bless DVDs) and am amazed at how powerful it still through repeated viewings.  It is a bleak movie, to be sure, although there are a number of moments of humour, but it still is compulsively watchable.  The movie does not seem to have aged as badly as many other movies from the thirties and this is one movie that benefited greatly by being filmed before the Production Code crackdown a couple of years later.  It would be decades before a Hollywood movie was as truly honest about war as this one.  The performances are generally quite good, particularly considering the youth and inexperience of much of the cast notably the lead, Lew Ayres.  The DVD does not come with many extras and there is no commentary, which is unfortunate, but the film itself is still a masterpiece and one of the finest war movies made.
 All Quiet On the Western Front is my all time favorite movie. Lew Ayres stars as Paul Baumer with Lewis Wolheim as Katczinsky or  Kat . This has some pretty good battle scenes for 1930, but the sounds of the shells hitting the ground isn't that realistic, but like I said it's 1930. This film won 2 Academy Awards including Best Picture(1929-1930). When director Lewis Milestone went up on stage to receive the award, some guy (don't remember his name) told Milestone that the next award the film would win would be the Nobel Peace Prize, because the film is anti-war. This movie is also #54 on AFI'S 100 Greatest Movies of All Time. I have now seen this 17 times and still counting and I'm not one bit tired of it. Every single scene, even though I've seen it a million times, still holds my attention whenever I see it. I would recommend this on DVD over VHS, because the bonus features contain the original theatrical trailer, and has short bios about the stars who played in it, and production notes. I love this movie so much I could run down the streets telling everyone I see to go see this film. Well now that you know about it go buy it NOW.
 This 1930 film, based upon the novel by Erich Maria Remarque - which was directed by Lewis Milestone - made 22 year-old Lew Ayres a star and was responsible for George Cukor's  screen career (it also gave director Milestone international recognition).  A passionate portrayal of the horror of war, which for the first time depicted the  hun  as simply a simply a scared boy, this movie can be actually divided into four distinct parts.  The first details the enlistment of the young recruits; the second, their arrival on the front; the third - the various incidents of war; and, finally, the hero Paul Baumer's return home and his hastened retreat back to the front and his death.  The film is faithful to the Remarque novel and this was the first sound film to use a giant mobile crane which was most effective -  particularly for filming the realistically staged battle sequences.  It was actually 31  year-old Cukor who rehearsed the actors and established a neutrality ot their accents which is of inestimable value in putting across the production's emotional message.  Louis Wolheim is splendid as the brusque yet sympathetic Katczinsky while Raymond Griffith is memorable as the French soldier killed by Baumer.  ZaSu Pitts (!) was originally cast as Baumer's mother but preview audiences snickered at the very sight of her (her performance in GREED proved she was an excellent serious actress); unfortunately, the role was given to the whiney, saccharine Beryl Mercer.  Initially released at 140 minutes.
 Adapted from the 1929 novel by Erich Maria Remarque, a WW1 German soldier  who changed his name to sound French, this film was made way back in 1930.  It was the beginning of the Depression, the use of sound in movies was new, and the feeling in the country was the WW1 had been the war to end all wars.  Now, 71 years later, the black and white film is scratchy, the gestures of the actors are over-exaggerated as if it were a silent film,  and the special effects of the battle scenes seem crude by today's standards.  In spite of all of this, however, this classic film brings its message home loud and clear. This is the story of the young German men who were recruited to serve in the war though tales of glory and patriotism.  What they find is death, fear, hunger and the meaningless slaughter of young men of the same generation who happen to be wearing different uniforms.  In spite of the technical constraints, the film manages to get it all.  We see the hospitals where overworked doctors amputate limbs, we see the men being attacked by rats as well as the enemy, we see the dirt in the trenches and are moved by the hand-to-hand combat which leaves a young German soldier, played by Lew Ayes, confined in a foxhole with a dying French soldier. I understand that the film was banned in Germany until after WW2 and I can certainly understand that it would have been counter to everything that happened next.  Through a historical context, this film was great, and its antiwar message a forerunner others to come.  There's a famous quote from the lips of one of the disheartened and weary soldiers when he says it all.  Take all the kings and their cabinets and their generals, put them in the center dressed in their underpants and let 'em fight it out with clubs. The best country wins .  Too bad the world didn't listen.
 I was appalled to see that this great classic has garnered but a single review. This movie is at the very top of the league, right along with Saving Private Ryan and Apocalypse Now. By modern standards it is overacted, but I am willing to accept that as part of the standards of the day. I was stunned by the accuracy of the battle scenes -- given the limitations of moviemaking in those days, this movie was unblinkingly honest about the mechanics of warfare in World War One.  I cannot in good conscience recommend this movie to a viewer just looking for thrills. This is, by modern standards, a slow movie. Think of it as an exotic piece to be savored by the aficionado whose tastes have been refined by watching a broad range of movies.  The movie is loaded with iconic moments that stick to your emotional ribs long after seeing it
 This review refers to the Universal DVD edition of "All Quiet on the Western Front"(1930)....  I feel privileged that we are still able to view this beautiful film from 1930. It is a moving story of soldiers bonding through the horrors of war. The soldiers are German, the war is WWI, but it doesn't really matter what country they are from or which war it is, it is baby faced boys, going off to kill or be killed, and the physical and emotional scars they are left with.  "All Quiet on the Western Front won the Academy Award(1929/1930) for Best Picture and it was well deserved. Everything about it is amazing. The acting, the story, the photography, all combined for a film that will stand the test of time and will continue to mesmerize audiences always. Even without all the graphic effects used in today's war movies,Director Lewis Milestone and photographer Arthur Edeson, manage to convey a chilling look at the atrocities these soldiers must endure.The film's stars, Lew Ayres, Louis Wolheim, John Wray and Slim Summerville are all exquiste in their portrayals, making us feel the emotions and anguish they are going through. They are characters you will really care about.Some of the immortal scenes, will touch you and stay with you for quite a while after the view.  The film does show it's age. Although the picture itself is fairly sharp, there are many scratches and lines throughout. I found myself so caught up in the story though, that these things didn't really bother me,The sound in DD2.0(MONO) is at times a bit muffled but very decent. I think the DVD is absolutely worth having for anyone who appreciates fine filmmaking, or any lover of good war(or anti-war) stories.The price now is more than reasonable for this classic treasure. There are very informative production notes included on the making of the film, and the author(Erich Maria Remarque) of the book the film was based on. There are some biographical notes on a few of the stars as well. The DVD includes subtitles in English, French and Spanish.Universal has done a nice job in bringing this important piece of ciematic historty to DVD for all to enjoy.  A must have for your classic film collection and one to view during the up coming Oscar season....Experience this beautiful film for yourself...Laurie  also recommended is Milestone's look at the Korean War
 I was just a young boy when I saw this.  I was into playing 'war' with the boys in my neighborhood.  I thought it was cool.  After seeing this movie, and subsequantly reading Erick Maria Remarque's book, I realized there is no glorious death in war.  There is only death.  The acting may be stiff, but the message is increasinly chilling.  I only wish our leaders could understand....
 I am really sorry some people out there hated this film but it says more about them than the movie. I suggest they go back, get the latest Bond movie out and stop annoying people with their 'whining'. If you don't have  the attention span of a gnat and can make allowances for when the film was  made then buy it now.
 It would be a mistake to think of this movie as a war movie rather it is the only true anti-war movie I've ever seen. Unlike most so-called anti-war movies there is no glory, no heroics and no over-dramatized deaths in this movie, it is perhaps the most realistic movie I've seen about war, or to put it more aptly, the most likely depiction of war. Put that doesn't mean this movie is boring or an escapade of Art, no this movie is both entertaining and chilling and it is definitely a movie you should see before you die, otherwise you'll regret it, as it will probably be one of Gods favorites, lousy hippie.
 One of the most important war films ever made is this excellent adaptation of Erich Maria Remarque's fine novel, directed by Lewis Milestone.  A group of eager German students enlist for service in World War I, heedless of  warnings from their professors and families.  These guys are just itching  to be heroes, and the army propaganda has promised them that they will be.  The cinematic ballet of war scenes is unlike anything cinema had seen  before, and the realism of war in this film is completely at odds with the  candy-coloured beauty of propaganda films made a decade later.  To make  sure World War II hopeful soldiers wouldn't be deterred by the gruesome  images seen here, this film was banned in America not only for its pacifism  but also because it presented German soldiers as sympathetic protagonists.
 There's really nothing else to say about this film. It's a CLASSIC. But I own an older copy on dvd and I can say that this restoration is nothing short of miraculous. The picture is great. This is really worth having.
 This movie is quite good and I have to say the Blu Ray is amazing, I was totally shocked how good this movie looked and sounded (Mono).  For anyone interested in WW1 I would highly recommend this movie.
 Chris got it right in his review, but I got a copy to re-re-watch it because the new Dietrich Bonnhoeffer bio suggests that watching the film in NYC was central to his pacifism and perhaps a broader road to Damascus conversion.  He saw it with a French fellow student, and the audience of American kids were cheering for the Germans, almost certainly utter ignorance and programming from all the other war movies, not post-modern irony or subversive humor.  You can glimpse, if you try hard enough, what got under the skin of a corporal with Iron Cross, first class, recovering from a gassing when the armistice and Spartacist rising happened, who helped ban the film in then-contemporary Germany, taking it so personally that Remarque (the author) was on a very short enemies list.  Myself, I am wondering if a fox hunting man named Sassoon read the book or saw the film.
 . ...Rather than repeat all of the excellent reviews... I am going to address just one aspect of this brilliant film... the special effects...  ...Having been in two wars, I know what real explosions look like.  I know that grenades do not throw men thirty feet into the air... when you throw one into a bamboo hut it does not look like a 55 gallon drum of gasoline was just detonated... Take... say... a 60 mm mortar round... the explosion is mostly explosive and dirt... only the briefest glimpse of flame...  ...But some hack special effects types started using insane amounts of gasoline... then directors decided that they liked it and forced good special effects men to go for larger and larger amounts of gasoline...  ...But All Quiet on the Western Front... does not prostitute itself that way.  Many of the special effects crew had been in the trenches and knew exactly what it looked like... If you know what to look for you can spot effects from a French 75 up to a major seige gun... and no gasoline...  ...The greatest special effect is during the French charge almost to the lip of the German trenches... and the German siege guns (battleship type weapons and larger) lay down a "barrage (original meaning... barrier) between the trenches and the charging infantry.  ...While some license is taken... guns that heavy never deliberately targeted within a hundred meters of friendly lines... the effect is staggering... Up to that moment the charging troops are throwing their bodies against metal... chopped down in endless rows by machine guns... torn asunder and made part of the soil by artillery...  But the explosions from the "heavies between the French and the Germans... are gigantic... they tower over the battlefield like nothing from the hand of man... but rather more like titanic explosions delivered from the sky by iron gods...  Mere flesh... no matter how insanely brave... has to draw the line there...  ...These days when I see the sloppy special effects work demanded by directors... I want to lock them in a room with a copy of that scene and not let them out until they understand just how much they have been shoving drek on us... .
 Viewed
 "All Quiet On The Western Front is one of the movies I love so much,it shows what war is and how it is. War is hell,there's no winner in death. Old men send young men to die.In the movie,one follows our young star to the end,to death.There's no beauty in war.As last look at are young star, who goes to touch a butterfly,that had landed close by him.A shot finds him and death is his end.Why do men kill each other?
 The country is at war and Paul B&auml;umer (Lew Ayres) is in school. His instructor is proud that he is volunteering to protect his country. He and his classmates are off on an adventure. This adventure will challenge the way they look at life and in the process change our life outlook.  On the surface this looks like a pacifist or anti war movie. One may think this has something to do with an enemy's view of war. Also there is a tendency pick the film apart because it is not the book.  In reality this story is more of a, don't get over zealous movie. At least don't let some one mesmerize you. It even happened in a contemporary film "Private Benjamin (1980). She was promised the army with the private condos. Again we see the zealous ones in "Starship Troopers (1997) where the movie shows the romantic side of war.  As far as the rating it is ridicules to compare a movie that has to pass censors and only has 130 minutes with the book. Naturally the book is going to be more thorough and descriptive. What we can compare it to is the original movie "Westfront 1918 (1930) directed by George Wilhelm Pabst (1885-1967) and "All Quiet on the Western Front (1979). Check them all out including the audiocassette of the book.  The points are made much clearer in "Westfront 1918 even though is shorter it is the 5 star movie. Especially when we return to the schoolroom to see the teacher inspiring the next generation of students to become soldiers. "All Quiet on the Western Front (1930) however is easier to understand then "West Front". You can spend more time in the message and less on the translation from German. In either film the actual down time (between actions) drove me crazy as I remembered the time that we were not fighting or planning something in Viet Nam was when I got antsy. The 1979 movie is a boring TV type movie with "Johnboy Richard Thomas, playing the part of Paul Baumer. The only good part is when he got shot.  The film was shot in black and white but is still pretty graphic. It deserves to be seen on a big screen. At one point they also sing "Watch on the Rein.  "Im Western Nichts Neues By Remarque
 I have to confess that I'm just stunned after watching All Quiet on the Western Front for the first time. I was expecting a good, perhaps even a great, war film. What I didn't expect was one of the first talkie films in history making such a profound statement about the sheer horror and pointlessness of war, without appearing naive in terms of filmmaking, in the process.  I previously thought that no war film could make a greater impact than the D-Day landing scene in Saving Private Ryan. Now I stand corrected. I am confident that many extras were injured while filming the battle scenes for AQOTWF. Apart from all explosions taking place a fair distance away from actors, and a couple of very effective special effects, this film relied on excruciating physical exertion to make it's point. It didn't look choreographed; it looked like a truly brutal free-for-all that could easily have ended tragically for anyone being filmed. Disbelief was easily suspended; I thought I was watching soldiers, not actors. In fact, until I read other reviews afterwards, I suspected that the director had recruited real World War I veterans to star in this film. They were that convincing. You could see it in their eyes, and their faces.  Case in point
 This is a 1930 film production, faithfully based on Eric Marie Remarque's WWI novel by the same title.  Considering the infancy of talkie film making when this was created, it is an absolutely remarkable piece.  Many of the battle scene techniques have been recycled to this day.  I read the novel 3 or 4 years ago, and had forgotten that it was told from the German viewpoint (such is the universality of the war experience).  The story is critical of war - though I personally believe that at times it becomes a necessity, when greedy/evil people want to force their will onto other nations.  Still, the film powerfully makes the point regarding comfortable old men fighting armchair battles, while teenagers die in the mud.  The WWI trench warfare battlefields were a particularly grim environment.  I thought this was one area in which the movie, though making a gallant effort, could not convey the reality as well as the book does.  Filmed only a decade after WWI, this movie has huge historical value.  Aside from the moral implications, it is a rare glimpse into the homes, hospitals, streets, and battlefields of almost a century ago.  A very important historical piece that is worth the time.
 There's a reason that Lewis Milestone's All Quiet On the Western Front is still the best remembered of all the many films about the horrors of the First World War despite rarely being revived on television
 Generally I prefer the most recent version of movies for my students, as I feel they can relate more to the action onscreen if they get the sense that it is something current, relevant to modern times.  Black and White movies are a tough sell for the teenagers in my class (as I found out today while airing "Twelve Angry Men"), because they feel as if they're watching some exhibit in a museum, rather than an interpretation of the literature they have just read.  I know there is a more modern version of "All Quiet starring Richard Thomas (and I actually remember watching it as a high school freshman), but given the choice between the original and the remake, I would opt for this (Lew Ayres) version.  It's not that the remake is bad (In fact, it is quiet good);  it's just that the original is a classic, a masterpiece.  The cinematography is excellent.  Many scenes (No Man's Land; Bauer's teacher's recruitment lecture; the raw recruits marching off to the front; the ending) will remain etched into the memory of the viewer.  Just beautifully shot.  Great artistic feel to the movie.  The acting is a bit flat by today's standards but that does not draw from the power or impact of the film.  In fact, a nice feature of the film is that all the actors are roughly the age of the characters they play (19-21) so their ordeal is that much more believable.  As mentioned in other reviews, this DVD does not contain any bonus features other than a small filmography.  Notwithstanding, this is a great film and definitely worth the money.  If kids can get past the B&W, I think they'd like it too.
 I saw a 1930 version on VHS, loaned from a public library.  The whole movie is in English, spoken in US style.  German is heard only when the soldiers are singing.  The French women speak French.  Keeping in mind that this movie was made in 1930, I still think it's a good movie.  You might want to watch the more recent productions of it, if you don't want to tune off younger people with low interest in the subject.  For example, in the scene with the French women, you assume and know that they made out, versus Hollywood movies these days, you'll see gratuitous nudity.  This movie has all the elements of a good movie plot.  It is an anti war film.  The movie also plays out more like a play than what you would used to in a movie of current times.
 Every time you see a good war movie, you can rest assured that one aspect or another of it was derived from this film.  It ranks as one of the classics of all time, and is a stunning display of the horrors of war.  The story is told from an interesting aspect--that of World War I Germany.  It tells of a young group of school boys who, through the efforts of their over-zealous teacher and other 'patriots', are persuaded to enlist in the army.  Once the group gets to the field however, they quickly learn that it is nothing like they imagined. The film is very effective in showing that war is not a solution to any problem.  The main character, Paul (played by Lew Ayres) is especially affected, as he watches his fellow classmates fall to the brutality of conflict.  After he spends a night in a hole with a dying Frenchman (whose mortal wound was inflicted by Paul), he begins to realize that soldiers are just pawns, tools in an intense political campaign. One of the most moving aspects of the film is to see the desensitization of Paul, and his subsequent alienation from those at home.  When Paul is sent home because of an injury, he finds no peace, and, in a state of unrest, yearns to return to the front.  He becomes disgusted with his former teacher, as well as a group of men in a bar, who promote the war and give their opinions of it's outcome, all the while talking of the immense 'sacrifices' they are called upon to make to support it.  Paul, who sees their hypocrisy, yearns to be back among his comrades of the war. This movie is a very effective stand against war.  The message it gives is as potent now as it was over 70 years ago.
 This is the third film to win the best picture Academy Award, and, despite its age, it holds up remarkably well.  Its message is as relevant and vivid  today as it was 70 years ago.  The final butterfly scene is still one of  the most poignant ever.  The first time I saw it, it left me with my mouth  open even after the film had ended.
 The book is a classic and this 1930 film adaptation is as good as the book but maybe even better, because any film is easier and faster to consume than any book.  I read the book first.  THe book is great but if you are short on time or reading skill then by all means just watch the movie and you will get 98% of the story in 10% of the time.  Now about the story
 Perhaps the greatest war movie, and certainly the greatest anti-war movie, of all time. Told from the German perspective, it is the harshly realistic account of what life was like in the trenches of WW I. Lew Ayres enlists with the rest of his school class, and one by one they're knocked off until he's the only one left. Just before 11 a.m. on Nov. 11, 1918, while sitting in a trench, he sees a butterfly; he reaches out to touch it and is gunned down - all we see is his hand going limp as the movie ends. It's one of the great scenes in screen history.  The picture contains many powerful scenes depicting the horrors of war, but perhaps most horrible of all is how dehumanized Ayres becomes, especially in the scene in which he goes home on leave to visit his mother
 What makes this movie so remarkable is that the story is told through a man as human being and not a soldier. It shows that they wanted to treat the opponents as human to human and not as enemy to enemy.
 I had gotten the movie for a friend, but watched it before I gave it to him. (Bad, me...) Seriously though, NICE DVD mastering!
 another dvd for my collection of academy award movies. It came really quick after ordering it too.  very good service
 As a high school social science teacher, this movie is a great tool to use in the study of WW1 for our sophomores.
 I purchased the 1930 B&W version of Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front to use with my History of Modern Europe class. The film was a hit! Students do need to be "prepped for black and white and the pacing of the film, but they really found it to be marvelous!
 This is a movie about WWI, filmed in English - but made prior to WWII's start, and one of the first to win an Academy Award for BEST FILM. Lew Ayers in a wonderful performance. My Great Great Uncle was in WWI, and NEVER spoke about it. After watching this movie - you get a lot of insight into why. People sleeping days in the trenches standing in the rain. What is really good is how it shows the way Germany got the school "kids into the war. Even though there were promising students, they were meant to feel bad if they did not fight for their "fatherland". It also helps to show how Hitler took what the Kaiser did a couple steps further, and how out of control it got. Also, how propaganda and press can really destroy a country, and create a war. I highly recommend this movie - not really violent, but very educational, interesting and a "piece of history. "we in the US know more about WWII, but not WWI
 That's not, definitely not, Lew Ayres on the cover of the latest DVD or the previous one. It's Walter Rogers, who played Behm, the reluctant recruit who was blinded and killed early in the movie. Why they didn't use Ayres photo I'll never know, but the Rogers' artwork is nonetheless haunting. Incidentally, Rogers/Behm never wore the steel helmet in the movie.  Yes, the remastered DVD is much better quality than the former. What a movie! The end still moves me. Ever notice how much the French sniper, who kills Baumer, looks like Duval, the soldier Baumer killed in the crater? I'll have to take a closer look to determine if it is indeed Raymond Griffith, who played Duval, as the sniper. Looks a lot like him.   I also love Milestone's picture-in-picture -- or whatever you call the technique. For example
 If you've seen this film on television in its butchered, edited version (when I saw it on television years ago, it was 75 minutes long! The original movie was 130 minutes!), you owe it to yourself to get this restored version that was magnificently restored by the Library of Congress. What I saw on television made no sense whatsoever and was in horrible condition (scratches, clumsy editing, atrocious sound, etc.). After seeing this complete version, I have to put AQOTWF on my top ten list of best films of all time. Director Lewis Milestone made a masterpiece. Everything about this film is first-rate
 The Bottom Line
 True. The blood and gore of modern war films are absent, but so are the orchestrated scores, the heroes, and with them, the implicit glory of combat. The trench warfare and Maschinengewehr machine guns might be dated (along with the black and white format and by-modern-standards-poor sound), but the nationalist pride and civilian attitudes complicit in warfare are not. A film for every generation.  Of note
 All Quiet on the Western Front is a masterpiece of cinema. The movie released in 1930 is I think is the greatest movie made in a generation of movies that were making the transition from silent to talkies.  Several things make this a movie not to be missed.  1.  The movie deals with WWI, and not to many movies portray this epic war, and those that do all fall behind this one.  2.  The movie, like the book, show the war from a German point-of-view, which doesn't happen very often.  Typically the victors of the wars write the history, but here we see that the "other side struggled with some of the same issues as we did.  3.  The acting is great, The men in the platoon with Lew Ayers are exceptional and you really see the fear and terror of war in their eyes.  4.  The overall message.  Many people define this movie as anti-war and to a large degree it is, but it's more than just anti-war, I think it's a lot like the M*A*S*H series on TV, it's not just anti-war, but a realistic portrayal of war with all the romanticism gone.  This movie is not just a movie to watch once, but one to watch over and over.  For the avid movie collector this is a MUST!!  The special features are also cool, with Robert Osborne introducing the movie.
 Based on the best selling novel of the same title by Erich Maria Remarque, it is based on his personal experience during WWI. But it is a story for all time, all nations and all wars. Just a reminder, that though the U.S. entered the war late, we still lost 120,000 soldiers in the waning months of the war. The film begins with German soldiers marching triumphantly through a German city with dozens of young women running up to hug and kiss the young men. As the camera pans back you see that you are looking through the windows of a university classroom out onto the streets. The older professor lecturing to the all male class begins to talk of patriotism and giving one's life for the Fatherland. Before long, the entire class (except one who reluctantly joins in later) is shouting and singing patriotic slogans and songs. They all march down to enlist thinking among other things that this will be a great way to avoid class for awhile, that this is just a matter of having some fun and picking up where they left off down the road. The first rude awakening is reporting to their quarters and discovering their CO is the postman in their area who has just been called up. Thinking he's there for fun, also, they quickly learn he's as mean and tough as any CO. It goes downhill from there as they go through basic training and are assigned to that earthly version of hell called trench warfare. Long periods of boredom in a bunker followed by intense bursts of violent combat and dealing with the injuries and psychological wounds incurred. The movie is not about WHY they went to war, it is simply showing the incredible horror of war and when it is waged that the lives of those involved are forever changed. It is said that some countries would prohibit the showing of this when they were preparing for war because of the impact it made on people's thinking about war. A classic. WWW.LUSREVIEWS.BLOGSPOT.COM
 Young men go to war and face their mortality. They learn that life does not have poetic justice. The film is a study of madness with innovative and original ideas to portray those intense moments that spiral these young men to that madness. Milestone's depiction of the brutality and rawness of war is the blueprint for any great war movie ever made since this awesome film's release. It is a canvas as large as cinema can be, with spectacular editing and at the same time captures the most intimate thoughts of our doomed heroes. The film is a genuine art of images and the images speak volumes!
 I loved this movie, especially because it is from a different point of view, the so-called "enemy". Well acted!
 The Thin Red Line comes in 2nd, and Saving Private Ryan is 3rd; but AQOTWF is better in many ways. The acting is somewhat stilted in a few scenes (after all the film WAS made in 1930), but overall the acting is superb.  The direction and effects are monumental; the story is as moving and gripping as any modern film.  Unlike most films of this period the soldiers don't do out like light bulbs when shot - they crawl, cry and suffer first.  There is one scene where the troops are moving through a quiet village that suddenly gets bombarded that has to be seen to believed.  It was made in 1930!!!  How did they do that???  Saving Private Ryan is a memorial film, while The Thin Red Line is metaphysical essay; neither are anti-war war films as is AQOTWF.  That's one reason why it's the best.  Catch 22 is in the same category, but not in the same league.  Don't get me wrong; RYAN and REDLINE are great films but I saw this film recently on TCM, and I was simply amazed.  I HAD to buy it afterwards.  We keep making the same mistakes...
 Such a cinematagraphically sophisticated portrayal of the Great War's horrors and heroes.
 I was young when I first saw this movie.  I couldn't understand why wars had to happen, why the profesor was encouraging the students to fight for their country.  Later, I studied the First World War and understood.  But this movie made me realize that war IS all hell and should be avoided.  But also sometimes they are necessary.  I read the book, saw the 1979 remake but still enjoyed the original better.  I had this DVD on my wish list for a long time, but nevr received it.  So, I bought it myself.  I have enjoyed watching it twice since it arrived.  My younger son is a commissioned officer from ROTC and I was one also.  We both support a strong defense, but hate war.  This movie illustrates how horrible war is.  I recommend it to all.
 A smart thriller of a movie, this one traces the accidental creation of a mutating bacteria that turns people into blood-spewing (and spilling) killers.  While the general concept is not new, the strength of this movie lies in the smart storytelling, lingering over character development, giving us reason to care for the characters long before all hell breaks loose, and focusing on the story behind the breakout of the bacterial plague.  The characters feel like real people, with real lives, real problems.  Although there are plenty of other killer virus/plague/zombie movies out there, none are as believably told as this.  Definitely worth watching, and watching again.
 This movie took it's time developing characters and plot, but then it has you sitting on the edge of your seat. It essentially explains how the 'zombie' virus starts, and it does so very realistically. We loved it.
 Awesome dvd,a real life bear hunting dvd that shows it like it is.Billy's ability to catch pure adreneline rush of bear hunting is fantastic.Awesome scenery and pure hunting at it's best.I would recomend this dvd to everyone.   Makes me want to plan my Alaska trip today!
 This dvd shows you what bear hunting is like in Alaska, which is something I've always wanted to experience.  I recommend it.
 There is amazing beauty in the stark outback of Australia where Herzog filmed this drama.  It's the simple story of Aboriginals who are trying to save their reality from the onslaught of civilization.   Herzog turns the story into pure poetry which opens your mind to other versions of reality.  All the characters he introduces are amazingly rich and complex.  The are no absolute good or bad characters.  Instead there is a world full of people who must act within the rules of their own particular realities. I'm watched it multiple times and the film always shakes my belief in the  absolute truth  of my metaphysical system. Each time I realize that perhaps my version reality is not the only possibility.  This is not a bad experience, rather it opens new worlds for me to explore. I recommend this video for those who have an open mind.  The video quality is so - so, but that only adds to the charm of the movie.
 This and a few films by Aki Kaurismaki, and Wenders' American Friend are the only ones that I need to see more than once.  I've seen this movie about a dozen times and its understated tragedies are compelling without shrieking.  Great video, if you can find a copy.  There is a good essay about this film by a follower of Jean-Francois Lyotard in the book Judging Lyotard.
 I have never seen a Herzog film I haven't liked, just some more than others.  This is an in-betweener, but excellent, as always.  Similar in stark landscapes to "Fata Morgana", "Where the Green Ants Dream offers barren vistas, mounds of dirt, holes in the ground, and apocalyptic hovels.  The character of the anthropologist sums up the film best when he describes modern Western technology and what it has done to the biosphere as a man on a train who knows the tracks ahead are out and all he can do is run to the rear of the train.  Definitely one of Herzog's more accessible stories, and perfect for viewing in an anthropology course.  The ending reminds me of classic J.G. Ballard, in which the dynamic character chooses desolation over re-integration into the hellish culture from which he came.  And, yeah, there's a bit of "Mad Max in the apocalyptic theme as well.
 'Where the Green Ants Dream' depicts the clash of two diametrically opposed cultures - that of the white man and that of the Australian Aborigine; the first expresses an attitude of contempt towards the natural world, the second an attitude of respect.  The culture of the white man is based squarely on the scriptural injunction "And man was given dominion over all things upon this earth (Genesis 1
 Werner Herzog is the perfect and unique embodiment of the always worried, irreverent, unsatisfied and non conformist director that enjoys to walk on the razor edge and delights to expose limit situations at the eve of reach the boiling point.  That's why his entire cinematography has been signed for newness and original proposals, featured by unexplored territories and unthinkable stages.  In this case, we assist to the clash of two civilizations, visibly differenced , the ancestral aborigines and the western way of life, where the myth and the progress will collide like the unavoidable crash of two trains displacing each one, in  opposite senses.  A company will settle in the middle of the Australian desert, in order to explore and exploit uranium reserves. But they will be faced for ancestral tribes who oppose them due they will interrupt the dream of the green ants.  A movie dedicated to Herzog' s mother, with intriguing and sharp reflections all the way through, when this case be discussed in the Supreme Court, through a very interesting trial, where the happy ending will be absent.  The final sequence will invite you to think and reflect.
 I was thrilled when this film was released on DVD. I am a Herzog fan, but this is my favorite movie of his, and one of my favorite movies of all time. The film is both heuristic and didactic. The Aborigines have been in Australia for 60,000 years, and the entire eco-system has been utterly shaped by their intervention and influence. There are so many important lessons in the film and so many brilliant metaphors. It becomes possible for someone raised in modern western civilization, with a materialistic, scientific world view, to get just a glimmer of a vision into an entirely different perception of the world and our relation to it. There are all these luminous little moments, strung together like so many brightly colored beads, each of them a fable that unfolds one of the deep mysteries of human experience
 This movie is Bruce Spence as wished for.  It's Australia on display, it has become one of my favorite Australian films of all time.  The aboriginals are really good.  I can't say exactly what hits me, because its not a flashy pop culture type of thing. It's about a big truth heading our way, and everyone has a different name for it and various ways of understanding it.  If you don,t have any any depth or imagination it will just sail on past you.  Feel lucky if you haven't seen it yet, because it's something to look forward to.
 Its funny and appealing to a certain type of personalities. If you like very sarcastic-pop culture reference type of humor you will like Glee
 I have just begun Tina Landon's DVD, and feel that I have gotten more than my money's worth in the way of a wealth of fresh new dance moves-similar to my experience with the wonderful "Darrin Henson's Dance Grooves DVD.  Both Tina and Darrin are great choreographers; and I love the humor, insight, and sense of fun they express in their videos.  I also find their passion very appealing. It is a real mountain to climb learning your moves from DVDs such as this one-a good kind of mountain that feels extremely rewarding as you accomplish it.  (Nothing worthwhile to learn is easy, right?)  My approach to each routine is to pause the DVD with each count to see where the dancers' arms and legs are.  On other passes through the routines I also slowly move from count to count using the magic of the DVD controls to go a few frames at a time.  I use this technique to follow the transitions of the arms and legs of the dancers to each "pose to be achieved at each count. I go over the routines over and over again.  And practice and practice and practice them.  I am very pleased with the choreography that I've learned from Tina's DVD and actually have gotten a lot of compliments for them when using them in dance clubs.  I feel that at a bargain price I have been gaining an extremely valuable education in agile dance grooves from a great choreographer.  (I feel the same way about Darrin Henson's best-selling DVD, too.)  Especially considering that I spend hundreds of dollars a month in dance training for ballroom, latin, and swing. There is no substitute for years of training in dance.  (Tina even says that in the video.)  For what you pay for Tina's DVD you get a lot of information, and if you have the desire to put the time in and possess enough body coordination you will learn Tina's routines.  If you go in with that mindset you will have the proper expectations for this dance video.  After all, there is no magic pill to make you a better dancer--it takes work whether from you learn from a DVD or from a private instructor. What you get from this DVD is a little slice of knowledge from a master choreographer that you probably could not spend any real time with.  This DVD is a most welcome addition to my dance instruction DVD and book collection.
 This has been the best dance dvd I've bought so far. Especially made for amateur or professional dancers, don't expect beginners to learn the steps easily. You have to patiently keep on rewinding to get those moves.
 Still a classic after all these years, and a monument to Julie Andrews' splendid voice. Mary Poppins has stood the test of time, with generation after generation enjoying it as much as the previous one and the songs such as "A Spoonful of Sugar are timeless treasures that live on longer than anything that will ever appear on the Top 40. Buy one for yourself, one for your kids, and one for the grandkids. A must-have for any film fan.
 Celebrate the 40th Anniversary of Bert,Mr. Banks,Mrs. Banks,Michael,Jane,Uncle Albert and of course the title character, the delightful nanny "MARY POPPINS". Genius Walt Disney's timeless musical masterpiece that brought together a charming and brilliant tripod. the stars, Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke and the storyteller Walt Disney. The film got raved reviews and 5 academy awards including Best Actress Julie Andrews as the lovely delightful herione. You Will never forget this masterpiece or stop loving it, It's a jolly holiday for me when watch it and no wonder thats it's Mary that we love. One of Walt Disney's crowning achievements. It's makes my spoonful of sugar make my medicine goe down and gets me Chim Chim Cheree. When I watch this, I love to laugh, loud,long and clear.  If you have never seen this I strongly recommend this, the time is now to step in time, step in time, step in time. David Tomlinson stars as Mr. Banks and Glynis Johns as Mrs. Banks and Ed Wynn as Uncle Albert. Celebrate the 40th anniversary of the music and the magic of this legendary practically perfect masterpiece that will be adored for another 40 years and so on and so fourth.  "Mary Poppins "Mary Poppins Practically perfect in every way Older version, but the DVD is in perfect condition as is the case, which isn't at the top of my priority list. A wonderful movie and the quality of the DVD is just as I hoped.
 how can you not love Mary Poppins!  We went to the Broadway play and then bought the DVD.  My kids love it!
 First, I was thrilled to learn that I could rent Mary Poppins from amazon. My 5-year-old grandson wanted to see it (I had told him my sister and I had seen it when we were young multiple times). I'd gone to two local libraries, to no avail. So, for almost nothing, Christian and I rented Mary Poppins and had a supercalifragilistically good time!! Thanks amazon.
 My 3-year old grandson loves this movie and my daughter feels good about letting him watch something with no violence and good values.
 What to say? This is the best Disney DVD ever. It's Magic. Just plain MAGIC. There are two discs. One of the movie. Another of special features. If you have never seen this Walt Disney masterpiece, it is a supreme treat. If you have, then you know. Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, Ed Wynn, David Tomlinson, Elsa Lanchester. INSPIRED. METICULOUS. ENTERTAINING. It's the tale of a special Nanny and a chimney sweep named Bert in London, England in the year 1910. Something about her elicits wonderful things, and she and her cohorts create marvelous film fun and fantasy the likes of which you'll never forget. Lively dance animation, too. Vivid colours. Great music. Unbelievable special effects. Do you like Dancing Penguins? I do. You'll think you are a kid still. Richard Sherman and his brother composed the memorable film music. On Disc Two they take a wistful look back at the production in 1964. Both Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke reveal their nostalgic, candid experiences of movie making on the Disney set. And Wow! The 1964 footage of the Gala World Premiere! This is a GEM, A CROWN JEWEL OF THE DISNEY VAULT. Watching both discs brought tears of joy to my eyes and surely it will bring broad smiles to yours. Winner of FIVE ACADEMY AWARDS
 If you have to read a review for Mary Poppins- have you been living under a rock?  truly a time honored classic, I hope my children get the enjoyment out of this that I did, growing up...
 Who could not like mary poppins, the quality is just what it should be and my grandchildren loved it, wish there would have been a sequel
 I had a terrible time trying to find this movie, which was a shock to me. Apparamtly most have seen it or don't care.It is, without a doubt, one of the best movies ever. Delightfuly entertaining.I am SO happy I found it on Amazon and for a good price, too ! This IS a classic that everyone should see and have.
 "Mary Poppins will always be memorable to me if for no other reason, (but there are others I assure you!), that this is the first film I ever got to see without an adult accompanying me.  I was all of ten and a half years old in February 1965 and had been anxiously waiting for the movie to come to our local theatre for months, it finally had!  I remember badgering my mother to let the friend from school who was sleeping over (another first) and I go see the movie alone.  Certainly I didn't want to appear a baby in front of my pal, who was already going to movies without adult supervision, or so he told me.  My mother reluctantly agreed, even letting us buy our own tickets at the booth, after ascertaining what time the film let out, and told us sternly to wait right under the theatre marquee if she wasn't right there when the movie let out until she arrived.  Different times, anyway my buddy and I both loved it, and there was another momentous stepping-stone on the path to being a "grown-up for me.  That piece of nostalgia aside, "Mary Poppins is besides "The Wizard of Oz and the other classic Disney Films, one of the most delightful fantasy films that can be enjoyed by both children and adults.  The character of Mary Poppins was introduced and developed by P.L. Travers in a quartet of children's books.  In adapting them to the screen the writers Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, skillfully choose several chapters out of the first two books and added their own inspired ideas.  The story is fairly simple, Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) responds to an advertisement by youngsters Jane and Michael Banks (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber) for "The Perfect Nanny for themselves.  Although the Banks children live a very comfortable existence on Cherry Tree Lane in the heart of London, they are starved for some affectionate attention.  Mr. Banks (David Tomlinson) is too preoccupied with his role as a bank manager whereas Mrs. Banks (Glynis Johns) is a suffragette, fighting to get the vote for women.  Mary Poppins serenely sails in from the skies, and with her good friend the jack-of-all-trades Bert (Dick Van Dyke) they take the children on all sorts of wondrous adventures and nourish them with tenderness and love.  By the film's end the Banks are truly a happy family, thanks to Mary Poppins.   It's magical, in all senses of the word, and transcends the generations.  I recall that very first time my friend and I laughing in delight and looking at one another in awe as one illusion after another unfolded on the screen, how'd they do that anyway?  I felt I'd come full circle the first time I watched it with my son when he was three seeing the wonder reflected in his face and hearing him merrily chortle as Mary Poppins cast her spell yet again.  "Practically perfect in every way is how Mary Poppins is described, and I will borrow that phrase to characterize Julie Andrews' performance as Mary Poppins.  From her tip-tilted nose down to her feet spread out to form a "v shape, she is the prettiest, most beguiling nanny you'll ever come across, sings gloriously and enchantingly makes the role her own.  Considered to be her consolation prize when she wasn't chosen to repeat her Broadway role in the film version of "My Fair Lady", she would have the last laugh come award time when she scooped not only the Golden Globe but Academy Award as Best Actress.  As Bert, Dick Van Dyke, lanky and rubber limbed is her ideal partner, they are simply wonderful together particularly in the "Jolly Holiday sequence.  My wife and I thought when "Victor/Victoria came to Broadway, Van Dyke should have played the late Robert Preston's role as Toddy to Julie Andrews' Victoria, it would have been a perfect reunion.  He also gets to show off his prowess as a dancer in the zany, athletic "Step in Time number.  Child actors can be annoyingly arch and cutesy, but Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber as Jane and Michael Banks are refreshingly natural and winning without any irritating mannerisms.  The rest of the cast is outstanding and should take a collective bow, starting with Glynis Johns and David Tomlinson as the Banks, Ed Wynn as the effervescent Uncle Albert, Hermione Baddley, Reta Shaw, Reginald Owen, Elsa Lanchester, and Arthur Treacher down to Jane Darwell's tender Bird Woman.  Other reasons to see this film, first, for their time extraordinary special effects that are all the more impressive since they were developed pre computer, deservedly rewarded with an Oscar.  To give you a sample, Mary Poppins, Bert and the children popping into a chalk pavement drawing into a magical animated world, a tea party on the ceiling, and the four walking up a black staircase to the sky composed of smoke.  Next a bright, tuneful score, the best ever done by the Sherman Brothers, including the Oscar winning Best Song "Chim Chim Cher-ee", "A Spoonful of Sugar  "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", and "Feed the Birds".  This last was allegedly one of Walt Disney's favorite songs, and again this original score also took away an Academy Award.  The evocative sets of 1910 Edwardian London are perfectly executed particularly the Cherry Tree Lane set, and Tony Walton, the then husband of Julie Andrews designed costumes that a treat to the eye.  Again Oscar nominations for both, actually "Mary Poppins received a record 13 Oscar nominations that also included Best Picture and Best Director for Robert Stevenson. One final tip of the hat to husband and wife choreographers, Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood for their exuberant dances particularly in the "Step in Time number.  The special features are a treasure trove of riches.  Here are the highlights
 I took my daughter when she was 5 to see this movie, her 1st movie, dressed her like Mary Poppins, and she was blown away, now she is 5o and she was again blown away when she recieved this from me on Christmas morning, many tears of joy!! a real joyful experience
 My daughter is 3, and she loves Mary Poppins!  She sings along with all the songs.  It keeps her occupied for long car rides!
 my toddler loves this film-especially the music...he recognizes the songs and actually sings along with them, even though he is not yet two and his speech is extremely limited. great child-friendly film
 My 2 and a half year old grandson sits through the movie. He dances around during the seen where the carosel horses leave the marry go round. I wasn't sure he was old enough for the movie, but he is and he loves it.
 Classic movie that never gets old.  I love Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke in this movie.  I wish I had had a Mary Poppins when I was a child!
 While I loved it as a child, it never occured to me my 3 year old would also love it.  She fell in love with it at my parent's house and sang the songs she learned for weeks afterward.  She looked forward to watching it so much everytime she visited them that I had to pick her up her own copy for X-mas!
 A different sort of review this, for it invites YOUR participation!  Haven't seen MARY POPPINS since 1964, and finally watched it again yesterday. The colors on my VHS copy are vivid and the film's condition quite excellent throughout.  Random impressions
 A different sort of review this, for it invites YOUR participation!  Haven't seen MARY POPPINS since 1964, and finally watched it again yesterday. The colors on my VHS copy are vivid and the film's condition quite excellent throughout.  Random impressions
 Our 'almost' 4 years old twins (boy and girl) LOVE this video.  It's very entertaining.  They have watched this movie 6 times since we bought it 2 weeks ago.  They are now singing some of the songs too.  I'm glad they finally have a favorite movie.  They don't like any other Disney movies that I bought since usually the mothers are killed (such as Nemo, Little Mermaid, The Fox & The Hound) or Dumbo (the mother being taken away).
 I recently purchased this lovely movie for my 3-year-old son and it quickly became his favorite one. It does not matter how long ago it was made, Mary Poppins is a MUST HAVE in all homes with children and without children too, why not? It is simply fantastic and full of magic. We are Mexicans and I play it for him in Spanish and also in English, it is the best way for young ones to learn another language, it works for this purpose as well. Do not hesitate and get it!
 This 40th edition of MARY POPPINS is worth it! Of course the movie is gloriously restored and stuff and is a must have for anyone who loved the book and the movie.  The real prize is the second disc that features lots of extras like
 I have numerous happy memories of seeing Mary Poppins since the first time (on its re-release in 1980). I go back to it time and again and have never been bored yet!  Highlights - the horse race and the dancing cartoon waiter penguins; Chim Chim Chiree and the acrobatic chimney sweeps; Mrs Banks (Glynis Johns) and her 'Votes for Women'; Reginald Owen's Admiral (with a ship on the roof of his house!); the gorgeous 'Feed the Birds'; the special effects in 'A Spoonful of Sugar'; Ed Wynn as the giggling Uncle Albert; and of course the brilliant performances from Julie Andrews as Mary, Dick van Dyke as Bert/Mr Dawes senior, Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber as the children Jane and Michael, Hermoine Baddeley as the maid, and David Tomlinson as Mr Banks.  Absolutely brilliant and definitely makes you remember being a child with a big smile on your face. Those who don't like it possibly came to it too late in life, but I can't fault it.
 I bought this for my 5 year-old daughter as a Christmas present.  It has been remastered, and the visual and audio upgrades are great.  A wonderful addition to any Disney video collection.
 I love this movie from when I was a little kid,  so I have bought it so my children can enjoy it two.
 I loved Mary Poppins when I was young, my daughter was absolutely taken with it when she was 2, and now my granddaughter watches it at least three times a day.  This movie is magical classic.
 As a product of 60's Disney films, I purchased the DVD after my 8 year old son and 11 year old daughter went to see the Broadway production of "Mary Poppins".  The kids started watching it immediately and I loved listening to them sing my favorite songs from the movie.  Ten days later on a rainy Sunday we popped it in the DVD player as a family and watched it on the big HDTV in the living room.  I was amazed at the color, the skin tones and the digital remix of the score.  I felt just as excited as the first time I saw it,  was shocked at Dick Van Dyke's blue eyes, the creamy complexion of Julie Andrews and the sheer fun of this movie.  And my technie kids loved the story - "T'uPence never fails to make them sad about the pigeons at St. Mark's Square and I love that as a mother I'm sharing some of my own childhood.  PS - my son wants to be a chimney sweep!
 This movie is just amazing. I feel everybody should watch this film, IN FACT i just sat down with my friend who had not watched it a few months ago and made her! If you like this movie, I would also recommend "the sound of music".<a href="http
 I loved this movie as a child.  Now mine loves it as well.  Great movie!
 My three year old boy loves this movie. What is not to love about Mary Poppins?  The dancing, the singing, he loves it.  I found the movie very entertaining to watch.  There is also a pop up feature so you can read about interesting facts about the making of the movie, the characters, etc.  That is very interesting. There are some tidbits about Walt Disney's participation.  There are two DVDs and I've yet to see what is on disc 2. I highly recommend.
 This was a Christmas gift, so thank you for the quick delivery and excellent condition. Merry Christmas!
 Purchase your copy of Mary Poppins before it goes in the Disney vault!  This is a beautiful classic that young children will watch over and over again.  When my youngest was in the hospital years ago, I used to sing him the songs from the movie as his IVs were being put in and it was the only thing that would soothe him.  Highly recommend it for boys and girls 2 years old and up.
 This product was sent in a timely fashion and I was very pleased with its quality.
 Disney's Mary Poppins is an amazing movie. Back in its day, no one had ever really seen animated characters dancing alongside real humans, and Disney made this possible. Mary Poppins has stood the test of time, making it a Disney Classic, and for many years to come. This movie is excellent for the young, and young at heart. The tunes get your feet tapping and you sing the songs, and when it's over, you want to watch it all over again(or buy the CD)! This is a great movie for the whole family, brought to you by Disney.
 I don't need to mention anything about this movie. If you are reading this, you already know this is a great movie. All I can say is that my whole family enjoyed watching this movie again.  The extras are excellent. Though, the Mary Poppins "short movie was average. I did enjoy seeing the red carpet arrivals when it was first released as well as a much older Dick Van Dyke trying to dance to the movie's signature tune.  If you do not own Mary Poppins on DVD, you should immediately buy this.
 it's perfect... i've always wanted to have this dvd! thank you!  hey! i'm looking for yentl and fantasia too.... is you have it would you please let me know?!  thanks again!
 Mary Poppins, what else needs to be said.  My children, who claim to be too cool for this old film, thoroughly enjoyed it.
 There can be no better way than bring brightness to life than watching Disney's Mary Poppins.  The cast could not have been selected better and the music is enchanting (sing along words are included in this dvd) The story takes us back to glory days of the Empire and is a great lesson about kindness and empathy.  Great as a family film or for anyone. This particular dvd set has excellent colour and clarity.  A must purchase for anyone who loves musicals.
 I needed this movie asap for a friend and her children before they moved.  It arrived when you said it would.  The 40th anniv edition is wonderful--according to my friend!
 Awesome buy it today. You can't go wrong. It is more suited for 8 plus year olds. Enjoy the music is awesome and there is still taught manners and respect which is hard to find these days in children's viedoes.
 <a href="http
 Delivery was super fast. I think I had the DVD within 3 days of e-mailing the order. It will be a film that we will share with our grandchildren.
 Great and wonderful movie.  My friend loves it and was excited to receive it as a gift.
 Disney's triumph expertly blends live-action and animation, and boasts a delightful score by the Sherman Brothers, including "A Spoonful Of Sugar", "Chim-Chim-Cher-ee", and "Feed The Birds". Veteran troupers Ed Wynn, Reginald Owen and Arthur Treacher lend colorful support, and Van Dyke is an appealing song and dance man, though his Cockney accent fails him. The real draw of course is the irresistible Andrews, who won the Oscar in her first starring role. Best for younger children, and young-at-heart parents.
 a classic.. nice to hear the kids sing these classic tunes watching it!!!
 I hang out with my brother because no one likes us, and sometimes we stay up all night and analyze movies. As usual, he's right. Nearly all successful childrens films, books, etc...have something to do with the supra-natural. Witchcraft usually. Mary Poppins is the nicest witch ever. She crafts order from chaos, turns brats into nice children, and turns real life into a happy cartoon. The songs are ageless, timeless, and charming. Mary Poppins is a very powerful witch indeed! I'm sure that children will be spellbound and unable to unglue thier little eyes from the screen. For older people like me, I am way impressed by the seamless special effect; for example, Mary's carpet bag that's deep enough to hold a 7' lamp, other furnishings too, but her bag is only about 14 deep. I think it would have made a good series watching Mary go from house to house in ancient England rescuing needy families. Engaging and lovely. A truly wonderful film!
 loved watching it with my daughter. She is eight...she is still walking around singing the songs and we watched it weeks ago!Great family entertainment!
 A film by Robert Stevenson "Mary Poppins is one of the most beloved movies of all time, and for good reason.  This truly is a magical film.  It is a mixture of live action and animation and is a wonderful musical and is quite possibly the perfect family film.  Nominated for 13 Academy Awards and it was the winner of 5, including Best Actress for Julie Andrews in her feature film debut.   "Mary Poppins is the story of, well, Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews).  Mary Poppins is the new nanny for Jane (Karen Dotrice) and Matthew (Michael Garber) Banks.  As a nanny, Mary Poppins is "practically perfect".  She floats down from the sky holding on to an umbrella and convinces George Banks (David Tomlinson) to give her the job as the nanny.  George is flustered by Mary and of course he gives her the job.  The lives and experiences of the children are about to change because there is something magical about Mary.  With a song and a dance amazing things happen around Mary.  She can clean up a room with nothing more than a snap of the fingers and can take a journey into a picture drawn with chalk on a sidewalk.   "Mary Poppins perfectly mixes animation (the penguin waiters!) and live action to create a magical world that is an incredible change from the London that Jane and Matthew think they know.  There are excellent acting performances and the over the top Dick Van Dyke is charming in how sweet he is.  The whole movie is sweet, charming, funny, and fantastic.  This is a highly recommended musical for the whole family
 I think this movie is terrific,and there is not a thing wrong with it.Julie Andrews well deserved her Oscar, and I think Dick Van Dyke should have got one too.The songs are mesmorizing, and all the actors did a wonderful job. I'd have to say my two favorite songs are "Chim-Chimnie", and "Feed the Birds". It's in my top 4 Disney movies of all time.With 101 Dalmatians, Pinochio,and Peter Pan. "Mary Poppins is terrific, and a movie the whole family should enjoy.
 This film is one of the best Walt Disney ever made!! I have a twenty month old daughter and even she stops to watch "Mary Poppins"!! I even sing "A Spoonful of Sugar while I clean house!! It is hands down a brilliant piece of cinematic history! You can't go wrong with Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke!
 This is a great film for any kid and a complete dream come true to have a baby sitter this fun Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke team up together and they seem to have a great time together entertaining the kids and I love to see Julie with her umberella a good friend have gave me a figurine of her holding her umbrella I really did like this movie it is witty, fun, enchanting, and entertaining!!!!!!
 Most parents today would take a movie like this, pop it into the player, and let the kids immerse themselves in the enchanting adventure Mary Poppins brings with her, while they go and do what they need to do. But in reality, the parents are the ones that should watch it because underneath the world of carousel horses coming to life and tea parties on the ceiling and  Chim Chim Cheree  there is a very important lesson
 I love the way she introduces herself and i love her confidence.She will not be dominated by anyone and in this magical story Mary Poppins is the greatest childrens character ever. Dame Julie Andrews IS Mary Poppins, and i thinks its marvellous how Mary runs rings round the stubburn Mr Banks. What i was surprised to hear was that when P.L.Travers (the author of the Mary Poppins Book) viewed Ms. Andrews performance she classed it "satisfactory. Don't you have eyes you stupid woman! Without Julie's outstanding performance, your character would be boring, nasty and ugly like she was in your books. Although i have to agree with her on Dick Van Dykes performance as she wanted to re cast the character of Bert as she thouht he was nothing like her Bert in her books, she's right. But really, this movie is a CLASSIC and has hardly any faults.  Though did you know that Glynis Johns (Mrs Banks) first thought Walt Disney was to cast her as Mary Poppins and when he told her that was already cast to THE Julie Andrews, she was angry and so only agreed to do the picture if she had a song as she felt Julie Andrews was taking all the songs in the picture, well theres only one thing to say to that and that is JULIE CAN SING, YOU CAN'T!!!! The DVD has a wonderful little extra of the actual premiere of Mary Poppins which i found very interesting and also gives you a little featurette on the actual special effects. The picture is crisp and clear and the colour is vivid. So Spit Spot! Buy this DVD to keep Mary Poppins looking "practically perfect in every way forever!
1964
 Absoloutly innocent and adorable fun that the whole family will love. With the cartoons, jokes and classic songs, this is a film that kids to great grandparents can watch and enjoy equally. There is so many great and important lessons too in the film. One such lesson is in the song "feed the birds which teaches the importance of caring for all living things. Personally I get a warm and "in touch with Earth feeling when I feed a deer, duck, etc, etc... Another great lesson comes from Burts job as a chimney sweep. As he and the children look out through the rooftop view of the city, burt tells the children how only the birds, planes and chimney sweeps get to see this view everyday. Its an important lesson to see the bright side of things even in the worst of situations. That is only a few of the great messages this movie delivers.  Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews are amazing in Mary Poppins and show great chemistry. You can really tell how much love they put into this masterpiece.   The DVD quality is amazing. Im a bit dissapointed that there is no extra cartoons with this one, but the movie is more then enough fun.
 I really can't add anything unique in terms of superlative descriptions (a wonderful marriage of live action cinematography and animation; great songs and lyrics; top-notch story adaptation), so I'll just concentrate on perfomances
 This has always been one of my favorite movies of all time.  Mary Poppins is a wonderful story about two children who want a nanny who is cruel or cross.  Somehow they get Mary Poppins.  She instantly turns their lives around and brings the entire family closer together.  This movie is great for all ages.
 How can one not give this film more than five stars?  How about 20 stars!! An incredible feat, this first film to incorporate animation with live action.  Dick Van Dyke and ensemble, not to mention Julie Andrews, who I believe is so credible as Mary Poppins, and she's so likeable, laughable that it's a shame that no other movies came along with her, but that was before sequels.  I'd say that this is at the top of the heap of all the best and the brightest of movies.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!  And after you've seen it, you'll all want to "...go fly a kite, as the song said.  Inspiring, romantic, and it makes you feel good, too.
 Probably one of the greatest works of the late Walt Disney himself. After this film the Disney studio completely lost their touch in creating a great film."Mary Poppins is everything that is fun and is wonderfully acted by Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. The colors, the music score, the story, costumes, set design is all a wonderful tribute to the greatest creative artist of all times, Walt Disney.  The likes of him will never be seen again. The DVD version is also wonderful, the quality is excellent and is still one of my favorite films of all times. This is truly a classic for both young and old.
 Another quote from the movie that accurately describes this classic. The music, dancing, and singing all make a great film. The DVD includes the best extras, like the making of featurette as well as film from the movie's premiere. This is a top-notch Disney musical that belongs in any DVD collection.
 This is an all time classic that is absolutely fabulous.  Mary Poppins is not only entertaining for young children, but is filled with british humor for parents/adults as well. It is an excellent video, which everyone person and child should see at least once.
 Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke did outstanding jobs in this timeless Disney classic!Andrews is wonderful as the kind-hearted yet strict nanny,and Van Dyke's performance of Burt is very good;Van Dyke's Cockney accent is very well- performed and convincing!The scenery is colorful and very well-done,and the performers are superb!David Tomlisin is perfect as the no-nonsense banker George Banks,and Reginald Owen is wonderful as the elderly Admiral Boom!And who can forget songs like the touching Feed the Birds or the lively  Step in Time ?Young and old alike will be entertained by this film.A must-have for any Disney collection!
  It's as wonderful now as I remember it.  Visual effects add to the story. Even though it is technologically dated, it doesn't matter. Teaches kids key lessons in a humorous way.  I hope we never get too old or too sophisticated to enjoy a family gem like this.  Enjoyed it and wanted to watch it again... over and over.  Liked learning the lessons.  You have to take the good with the bad...a spoonful of sugar helps.   It's gonna be one of my favorites.   It was supercalifragilistic...  Ages 5-8, but good for all ages.
 Disney again places out a fantastic performance with an all star cast of the 50's and 60s Starring Dick Van Dyke as both Bert and Mr. Dawes Sr.; David Tomlinson who starred in many Disney films of the time including Bednobs and Broomstiks stars as Mr. Banks also in the movie are Ed Wynn Karen Dortice and Matthew Garber and of course keeping in the Disney Tradition the Magic continues in this movie.  Walt had such a wonderful imagination to make this wonderful book come to life and all the great special effects were wonderful especially for 1964! The scene where they go into the paintings where we here Jolly Holiday and Supercalifragilisticexpialidcious where Bert and Mary dance with penguins and other characters in an all animated villiage too bad this site doesn't allow for 10 stars because it so much more deserving than a 5 star rating!
 This is the rare children's film which I found to be just as delightful today as when I sunk into the plush seats of Radio City in 1964. Julie Andrews' glorious voice, and hilariously ironic, deadpan portrayal of the magical nanny, have boundless appeal. Other characters are no less engaging
 Walt Disney's  Mary Poppins  is a glorious family film. Though I have only seen it on DVD (I wasn't born in 1964 when it opened at Radio City Music Hall), I was quite impressed by the special effects of the time including the  Jolly Holiday  sequence with dancing penquins, singing ducks and so on. Andrews is a class act. Dick Van Dyke is wonderful as Bert. And the songs are the kind of showtunes you'll sing again and again.
 Mary Poppins may be =the= stand-out live-action movie that Disney has ever produced. Or will ever produce.  All the songs are very memorable. Who out there does not find themselves humming or even singing along with the likes of "Chim-Chim-Cheree or "Spoonful of Sugar"?  Julie Andrews will always be remembered for her role as Mary Poppins, and Dick Van Dyke absolutely shines as Bert the Chimney Sweep. Van Dyke also plays the senior officer of the bank - and has his very best scene where he realizes that the punchline - "A wooden leg named Smith - is funny. Andrews won an Academy Award for Mary Poppins, and the movie also won Best Visual Effects, and Best Music Score, as well as Best Song ("Chim Chim Cher-ee").  The scene where "I love to laugh is particularly poignant. Ed Wynn died not long after the release of Mary Poppins, and shows some of his best comedy style in this scene. Very laughable.  The story is top-notch and has a wonderful moral without being too "preachy". It was a very good adaptation from the original novel, and it's a shame Disney never did any of P L Traver's own sequels to Mary Poppins.  The animated bits are a little flat by today's standards, but they add a wonderful whimsey to a stellar production. Highly recommended to any family with children. A must-buy for Disney fans.  This is the far better, two-disc, 40th anniversary edition that not only restores everything to digital quality, but adds a second disc of deleted scenes (and a song!), commentary, and many other cool new features. Look for the new 40th anniversary DVD edition - it's worth waiting for!  It's just supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
 "Mary Poppins is one of that select group of films that can truly be called 'Classic', a project conceived in love and filled with so much child-like wonder that it will never grow old or 'out-of-date'. Certainly the crowning achievement of Walt Disney's remarkable career, the "Mary Poppins 40th Anniversary Special Edition is simply magnificent!  Based on P.L. Travers' tales of a magical nanny who arrives to bring families closer, the rights to the stories had been pursued by Disney since 1938, but Travers had seen what studios had done to other authors' works, and withheld her approval unless she could maintain some creative control. Years of negotiations only whetted Disney's desire to make a definitive, truly 'special' film, and by 1960, despite the box office failure of another fantasy-themed 'pet' project, "Darby O'Gill and the Little People", he was more confident than ever in the story's potential, bringing together a remarkable array of talent, including songwriting brothers Richard and Robert Sherman, production head Bill Walsh, and the brilliant artist Peter Ellenshaw to 'visualize' 1910 London through his matte paintings.  With Travers' grudging approval, casting began. While American stage and TV star Dick Van Dyke was an odd choice to play a Cockney chimneysweep, he was a gifted mime and physical comedian, and had such a wholesome exuberance that Disney knew British audiences would forgive his shaky accent. Popular British actors Glynis Johns and David Tomlinson would play the preoccupied parents, with Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber (from "The Three Lives of Thomasina") as the neglected children. Veteran stars Ed Wynn, Elsa Lanchester, Reginald Owen, Arthur Treacher, and Jane Darwell (as the Bird Woman, in her last screen appearance), headed the strong supporting cast.  But it was the casting of Julie Andrews, in her first film, as Mary Poppins, that truly 'made' the film! Passed over by Jack Warner for the movie version of her stage hit, "My Fair Lady (he opted for Audrey Hepburn), Disney caught her performance in "Camelot on Broadway, knew, instantly, that she was the right 'Mary', and approached her for the role. "But I'm pregnant, she told him. "No problem, he replied. "I'll wait!  And thus a Classic was born!  A multiple 1964 Oscar winner (including 'Best Actress' for Andrews, who got to share the stage with her "Lady costar, Rex Harrison, who won 'Best Actor'), the film was a major hit, worldwide, and quickly achieved the legendary status it holds today.  For it's 40th Anniversary, Disney's heirs have put together a spectacular package; along with the digitally-remastered film (it looks and sounds SUPERB!), a second disc of additional features includes a joyous reunion of stars Andrews and Van Dyke (who both seem ageless!); reminiscences of Robert Sherman, who sings a cute ditty cut from the final film; a fascinating 50-minute "behind-the-scenes documentary about the production; featurettes on how the FX were achieved in several key scenes; and much, MUCH more! As the owner of several "Special Edition Disney DVDs, I can honestly say, THIS is the BEST, yet!  With the holidays fast approaching, I can't think of a finer gift to give, or to get!
 Is there really much new to say about this classic Disney film that helped launch the movie career of Julie Andrews? Probably not, but for the handful of people who haven't seen this film, this DVD is a must-buy. Strangely enough, Disney is not releasing a Blu-ray version just yet, so this edition will have to tide over video buffs until that occurs. The 1964 classic is based on the books of P. L. Travers, with a few Disney liberties thrown in. Travers' nanny, Mary Poppins, is somewhat more harsh and unpleasant in the books than in the film version. However, it is obvious that she is hiding a heart of gold inside and that she truly does love the children she takes care. Two of the children did not make the transition from the book, but they are definitely not missed. Julie Andrews is able to bring out the many facets of Mary Poppins without compromising the character, and of course her voice is legendary. The Sherman Brothers whipped up some of their most memorable tunes including  "Jolly Holiday, "Spoonful of Sugar, and "Let's Go Fly a Kite.  In a nutshell, the story is about a magical nanny who swoops in to take care of the Banks children, Jane & Michael, and also help their father realize what he is missing by ignoring them the way that he does. Along the way she treats the children to adventures with a street performer/chimney sweep, Bert (Dick Van Dyke) as well as her Uncle Albert (Ed Wynn) who loves to laugh. One of the most memorable and touching sequences is the "Feed the Birds numbers, with veteran actress Jane Darwell making her final screen appearance. One of Walt Disney's favorite songs, it is sure to bring a tear to many eyes.  For those that have <a href="http
 In 1964, Walt Disney Pictures, under the directorship of Robert Stevenson, released what became a timeless, musical, fantasy called "Mary Poppins".  Starring Julie Andrews as the mysterious & magical Mary Poppins, the film is a fictional account of a dysfunctional family living in London circa 1910.  The father, George W. Banks (David Tomlinson, who played Emelius Browne in "Bedknobs and Broomsticks in 1971), is obsessed with his job at a prestigious Fidelity Fiduciary Bank and with maintaining a professional atmosphere at all times at home.  The mother, Winifred Banks (Glynis Johns, whose film career began in 1938), is preoccupied with demonstrating as a suffragette and maintaining a clean home.  Their young children, Jane (Karen Dotrice) and Michael (Matthew Garber, who died at the young age of 21 in 1977), are allowed minimal time with their parents, who prefer to have a nanny look after and raise their children for them.  Unfortunately, Jane and Michael rarely like any of their nannies, who regularly quit after the children do something mischievous to each of them.  Also working for Mr. & Mrs. Banks are the maid Ellen (Hermione Baddeley, who played Mrs. Cratchit in the 1951 classic "Scrooge") and the cook Mrs. Brill (Reta Shaw, who played in "Pollyanna in 1960 and "The Ghost & Mr. Chicken in 1966), neither of which have the time or the desire to look after Jane and Michael. Following the departure of yet another nanny, George decides to hire an appropriate nanny himself.  Jane and Michael write their own advertisement for a nanny, but George regards their innocent description as rubbish as he intends to find a nanny that will uphold his every professional expectation.  Mysteriously, the children's advertisement, that George tossed out, comes to Mary Poppins.  When a very lengthy line of perspective nannies are seen at the Banks' front door early one morning, all of them are blown away by a strong wind.  Coming down from the sky via an umbrella is the magical Mary Poppins.  Expecting a rush of perspective nannies to race through the door, only Mary Poppins waits to enter the Banks' home.  George interviews Mary, but he is quickly confused by her wit and unexpectedly hires her.  From that point on, nothing is quite the same in the Banks home and the children get a nanny that not only fulfills their expectations, but becomes something much more to them.  Along the way, the children are also introduced to several interesting people, including the handyman Bert (Dick Van Dyke, who starred in his own 1961 TV show and starred in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang"), Uncle Albert (Ed Wynn, who also played the toy-maker in "Babes in Toyland in 1961) and the bird woman (Jane Darwell). Many of the songs in the film are well known by people who have never seen the film, including
 A fantastic and magical family film, "Mary Poppins continues to be a Disney classic that would win five Academy Awards and would be remembered for being a film that combined Disney's cartoon animation and real characters, the film debut of Julie Andrews but most of all, the spectacular chemistry and musical dance numbers featuring songs that continue to be classics.  VIDEO & AUDIO
 I was nine years old when Walt Disney produced the first movie I remember being a "must see This is probably one of Walt Disney's best films, if not the best. It is the most excellent realized combination of live action and animation. It  contains eternal charm, wit, and magic as it introduces us to the   practically perfect  nanny who brings profound change to the  Banks family of London in the early twentieth century. Every song composed  by Richard and Robert Sherman is pure magic. The believable visual effects,  the heartfelt scripting, and the solid performances by Julie Andrews and  the heart rendering Dick Van Dyke are truly eternal. Every element of  production came together at their zenith to create a treasure of cinematic  endearment. The DVD is excellent. The supplemental material is very good  and nostalgic. One of the best films ever made. The superb cast also  includes
 Mary Poppins was released in 1964.  The following year Julie Andrews starred in The Sound of Music.  Both are terrific films, and the Disney creation fairs reasonably well against the specacular Austrian setting of the 1965 Robert Wise production. Dick Van Dyke deserves special praise for virtually stealing many scenes. The entire supporting cast is first-rate.  I especially enjoyed David Tomlinson as the stuffy banker/father. The music composed especially for  Poppins  remains as bright and snappy as was in 1964.  Even if you own this film on VHS, the bonus features available on the DVD make it worth purchasing.
 This is by far my favorite Disney movie ever.  The music is unforgettable and the acting is funny and excellent.  The plot is magical and the script is charming and heart-warming.  It is a great children's film and it is a picture that really touches you and pulls you in.  Some images are beautiful and elegant, like the haunting  Feed the Birds  sequence and the roof smoke climbing.  It is funny and has great ironic humor like the bank scene and the scene when Mr. Banks is being laid off as the employers puzzle at his crazy realization.  MARY POPPINS is a great movie for everyone and is a classic movie for everyone to enjoy.
 this magical roller coaster ride will sweep you off your feet and you will not land on the ground until the credits begin to roll. this is a reminder of how creative and charming film has been and still could be. lots of fun  to watch with the kids and still today, even the adults. buy it!
 Mary Poppins is a true classic. I've probally seen it over 20 times and it's always like watching it the first time. It's got wit, charm and heart. 'Feed the Birds' is probally the most underrated Disney song. It always  makes me cry. Buy this video and watch it over and over! You'll enjoy it  all over again.
 Let me start by saying I LOVE THIS MOVIE.  It is one of the few movies I can watch over and over.  I remember as a child when I had the chicken pox over christmas break, and I must have watched this movie a hundred times.  The story is wonderful, and in my opinion even though it is often times lumped in with family movies instead of musicals, it has to be one of the best musicals ever made.  Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke were made for their roles.  The little children were wonderful as well.  The supporting cast is made up of the Walt Disney stable of actors that he used over and over again, but you really don't notice because they are all such good character actors they make their parts real to the viewer.  You will love the animated scenes and the fox hunt is just crazy!  This specific DVD version is the best because the behind the scenes stuff and documentries are great as they explain the animation, and how they painted the beautiful london cityscape on glass.  The Disney fanatics should also buy this as they will get a special peek into the Disney movie machine that isn't usually shown on camera.  On my personal top list of all time I rate it #15  So get this movie and watch it again and again and again!
 Hello,  When I was little I remember watching this movie with my family and friends and I still even remember so much of the detail. Today in our society there are plenty of negative influences once your kids, or any kid gets into middle school or earlier, but the best brain growth is even before that. Why not take advantage of this time and get them something wonderful and positive and affirming!?!!! This is such a great story and it and the songs will stick with your children or any children giving them something to sing and play with. Not only that, but this is the type of movie that can be watched over and over again for enjoyment to give your kids simply something to do! I highly recommend this classic movie to anyone with kids or as a gift to anyone that has them! I know I benefited, my friends did, and the kids in your life will too...and the adults 
 This is a great movie ... maybe the perfect movie, in that it is entertaining from beginning to end, the story is easy to understand and take a personal interest in, the bad guys are never too scary, and the ending could not be happier.  The morals too are right ... children are more important than adults, the family is more important than the job (or cause), and good behavior is important, but so is having fun.  I think it is fair to say that ... the better a movie is, the more times we will watch it.  And Mary Poppins ranks high in that department.  All the different parts (the acting, the wonderful songs, the animation) seem to come together perfectly, and the final product is, well, ... practically perfect in every way.  Thank you Walt Disney for giving us this movie.  A FEW WORDS MORE  I recently got the 40th anniversary re-issue, and it is well worth buying ... especially for any "Mary Poppins fan.  The quality of the extras is a little up and down, but we get the movie (and that's a lot) and the "Making Of ...  extra is excellent.  A lot of people do good work for "Mary Poppins and it's hard to pick one who might be called the MVP of the movie.  Robert Stevenson has an excellent eye as the director, Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi give us a wonderfully well thought out script, the instrumental arrangements for the songs and background music for the whole movie (done by Irwin Kostal) are excellent, Peter Ellenshaw does all those beautifully realistic background paintings (I love the one that opens the movie best), the Sherman brothers give us 13 great and memorable songs, the choreography (by Dee Dee Wood and Mark Breaux) is imaginative and fun, and the actors and actresses all do a great job (even the pigeons do a good job).  Glynis Johns is fun as Mrs. Banks ... funny in just about everything she does.  ... and there's Walt.  His guiding hand ensured that we got a perfect ... or practically perfect ... movie to be enjoyed for generations.  FUN LINES FROM THE MOVIE  Mrs. Banks
 "Mary Poppins is back and I am glad that she is
 This is my favorite movie of all time. I was very glad to get this on DVD!  My VHS is just about to rip apart. Great graphics and sound! AWESOME  behind-the-scenes stuff!! I haven't found one bad thing about this DVD, OR  the movie. I bought this DVD a few weeks after it was released (I didn't  know this edition just came out at the end of June!!!) while on vacation in  Canada, and I've watched it SO many times already, and no problems with  it. I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!
 That's how the incomparably magical nanny Mary Poppins describes herself with nary a boastful smirk on a revealing tape measure in this still charming 1964 Disney classic musical set in post-Victorian London circa 1910. I was five years old when it was originally released, and I managed to convince my mother to take me to see it six times. I just saw it last night for the first time in over four decades on the big screen in a sing-along version similar to what has been done with "The Sound of Music". I still feel a genuine warmth about this movie as an adult. Such was the impact of Julie Andrews in her big screen debut, as she epitomizes the title character with equal quantities of starch and sugar.  With her unyielding posture, coltish stature and perfectly clipped diction, Andrews found her archetypal role before she even blossomed as an actress, an intractable goody-goody image she sends up mercilessly 17 years later in her husband's savage Hollywood satire, "S.O.B. There is no getting around the fact that she is ideal as the indefatigable Mary in charge of Jane and Michael, the two moppet children of neglectful banker George Banks and his flighty suffragette wife Winifred. With the help of devoted friend Bert, a Cockney jack-of-all-trades and one-man-band, Mary sets out to inspire the children's imaginations while keeping a firm though kind-hearted hand on their behavior. What I notice this time as an adult is how Mary wields a similarly positive influence on George albeit after much patriarchal consternation and sexist-driven protest.  There are so many delightful scenes that it's hard to choose which to highlight, though one of the best ones has to be the fantasy animated sequence through Bert's sidewalk painting. This is where Bert dances with the penguins, Mary leads Bert and her charges on liberated carousel horses through a foxhunt and a horserace, and both sing two of the best songs, "Jolly Holiday and "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious". Another wonderful scene is the "Spoonful of Sugar room clean-up scene with obviously mechanized robins and a bevy of stop-action effects. Using an overemphatic Cockney accent as Bert, Dick Van Dyke - who was then starring in his classic sitcom - is an endearing presence and a dexterous comic dancer. He also clowns around in heavy make-up as the very aged president of the bank at which George works.  David Tomlinson plays George with appropriate gruffness under his gentlemanly demeanor, while Glynis Johns lends her ingratiating quality to Winifred. The children are played without affectation by Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber. Veteran character actors fill the rest of the roles expertly in what amounts to extended cameos - Ed Wynn as the eternally laughing and perpetually airborne Uncle Albert; Elsa Lanchester as Mary's frustrated predecessor, Katie Nanna; Arthur Treacher as the kindly Constable Jones; Reginald Owen as the delusional sea captain next door, Admiral Boom; Hermione Baddeley and Reta Shaw as the Banks's constantly flustered maids; and most touchingly, the 85-year old Jane Darwell (Ma Joad in "The Grapes of Wrath") as the bird woman on the steps of St. Paul's Cathedral.  The songs by the Sherman Brothers, Richard and Robert, are truly enchanting and memorable after all these years, especially the haunting "Feed the Birds (Tuppence a Bag)", the wistful "Chim-Chim-Cheree", and the almost "My Fair Lady"-sounding "The Life I Lead". I still have a few quibbles, for example, the "Step in Time dance sequence is exceptionally choreographed but too darkly lit and goes on a bit too long to enjoy fully. Moreover, at 140 minutes, the movie drags a bit toward the end especially as George meets with the board of his bank. Regardless, director Robert Stevenson, who made many of the live-action Disney films of the 1960's, along with screenwriters Bill Walsh and Don Da Gradi, have concocted what has to be one of the best family-oriented confections to come out of the Hollywood studios.
 I can't believe that I hated this film when I was a kid, you would think that I would have liked it more back then. But about 3 months ago, I bought this DVD and saw the film for the first time in around a decade. I cannot believe it's the same movie, in fact, I started to wonder if I was even paying attention to it back then as it was playing. The film is nothing less, and probably a lot more than a classic. Julie Andrews completely submerges herself into the character. She definitely deserved the Oscar that she got. The song's are strong, but a few stand out above the rest. Such as,  supercalifragilisticexpialidocious  and  ``Chim-Chim-Cheree . I hope a Special Edition DVD will be released in the future, becuase I am very interested in seeing more behind the scenes documentaries, detailing the Visual Effects that were created for the movie. The Gold Collection DVD, does offer a good documentary that gives a lot of insight, but there has to be a lot more, and I would like to see it. The  Hollywood Goes to a World Premiere  featurette, is a great extra. I do agree that this was Walt Disney's greatest LIVE ACTION film, but I do not think it's his greatest acheivement. That goes to  Snow White , which influenced motion picture history a lot more than  Mary Poppins  did (and I'm not trying to lessen this film, in anyway).
 The movie is great, but not the DVD. Some times DVDs have this annoying  Coming soon  thing where you have to press the  menu  button to get to what you've paid for. Guess what, on this DVD... menu button is disabled, forcing you to &gt;&gt;| to the part that you care about.
 This reviewer recently watched "Mary Poppins for the first time since its original theatrical release in 1964, and found the movie, now in its 45th Anniversary Edition, has lost none of its ability to charm and entertain.  A sweet-souled children's fairy tale disguised as a Walt Disney musical, "Mary Poppins won five Academy Awards for its songs, its then-cutting edge mixture of animation and live action, and for the performance of a young Julie Andrews as Mary Poppins.  In the movie, adapted from the stories by P.L. Travers, Mary Poppins magically arrives at the Banks home in 1910 London to serve as nanny to the two rather neglected Banks children, Jane and Michael.  Firm but fair, the "practically perfect Mary Poppins restores order to the nursery through a combination of song and magic, and then begins to open the eyes of the children to the posssibilities of life and their own imaginations.  In company with the multi-talented chimney-sweep Bert (Dick Van Dyke), Mary and the children embark on a series of adventures that end up transforming the whole Banks household.  Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke were in their prime as singers and dancers, and their talent shows in a series of musical sequences, many with animated accompaniment.  The climactic dance sequence "Chim Chim Cher-ee takes place on the rooftops of London, as Bert and his fellow chimney sweeps perform for Mary and the children.  The movie is a marvel of subtlety, as Mary and Bert use song, humor, and compassion to persuade the harried banker Mr. Banks and his fervent suffregette wife that family should come first.  The sources of Mary's magical powers are left a pleasant mystery, as is the relationship between the prim and proper Mary and the clownishly charming but earthbound Bert.  This two disc edition includes some superb "making of featurettes and interviews with the surviving cast members.  "Mary Poppins
 We bought Mary Poppins for our special needs 5 year old grandson who has CP.  He cannot walk or talk but when we played Mary Poppins for him, his reaction was STUPENDOUS! He clapped his hands, laughed out loud and kicked his feet.  He especially loves the part when Dick Van Dyke is dancing on the rooftops.  We have NEVER seen this type of interaction from him before.  We don't know what genius it took to put this movie together, but genius it was - from the songs, to the dancing, to the cast and especially Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.
 ONE OF MY FAVORITE JULIE ANDREWS MOVIES. SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL VOICE, A GREAT SENSE OF HUMOR, AND A WONDERFUL DISPOSITION. THE ENTIRE CAST IS TERRIFIC!! I BELIEVE THIS WELL BE A CLASSIC FOREVER!!
 We had a flawless transaction on this one. Plus, what a great classic. My wife loves Disney movies and this is one of her all time favorites, so it made a great gift.
 Wonderful movie, even better on DVD.  Just a little bit of sugar helps the medicine go down.
 I have loved this movie since I was a child and saw it in the theater.
 Mary Poppins is a classic Disney movie.  I remember watching it as a child.  I had this movie on VHS and liked it so well that I have recently replaced it with a DVD.  My eight year old niece liked the movie so I have purchased her one for Christmas.  Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke make it a wonderful performance for people of all ages to enjoy.  It has a mixture of cartoons with live performances that gives a it a twist for good family entertainment.  I hope you enjoy it as well as my family has.
 this is indeed a Disney Classic if every there was one. a must own. kids and adults will love it. great songs, great story. and the story has a MORAL. spend time with your kiddies. and be a good listener. and go fly a kite.  dick van dyke and julie andrews rock. the animation sequences are lovely, the birds and little animals. and jumping into the chalk painting on the sidewalk... ahhh the memories. every childhood should include many viewings of good ole Mary Poppins. a must. my little Kyle watches all our Disney DVDs and videos over and over and over and over ..... better than out on the street getting into who-knows-what - hummm?!
 It doesn't matter if you're 7 or 70. This movie pleases everyone. It's got a great soundtrack (don't know if it's still available but I inherited my mom's old LP record!), great acting (anything with Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke has to be good), and has some scenes where live action and animation are combined. This was all done without the technology of today, yet another reason to appreciate the work in this film. The remastered DVD editions are great. Not sure what extras come with the newest one but the one I saw in 2001 had a good section about the making of the film.  I recommend this to anyone, and it will come as a blessing if you're sick of the garbage that Hollywood is making today.
 This film is never disappointing. It allows you to immerse yourself in a simpler time when magic still seems like a possibility.  And clearly I was not the only one impressed by this movie. It was nominated for a staggering 13 Academy Awards in 1965 and proceeded to win 5 including
 <a href="http
 The Disney film 'Mary Poppins' still retains all of its magic and entrancement for kids of all ages, and their parents, after all these years. Made in the sixties, it has lost none of its appeal.
 I bought this movie for my 3 year-old daughter. She has now watched it at least 20 times and can sign a lot of the songs. It is as much fun for her today as it was for me when I was a child.
 I'm 16 and I grew up watching this. Though it's almost 50 years old now, it's still probably one of the best childrens' movies ever made. The special effects were amazing for the time, and some are still unnoticeable today. The actors are great, with Julie Andrews as Mary and Dick Van Dyke as Bert. The music sends chills down my spine when i listen to it. It's just an amazing movie, even 50 years later.
 I started watching this and boy, its really fun to sing to. I can't wait to go on a cross country rode trip and belt out the tunes from this film! Dick Van Dyke fan, loved him in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang too. Julie Andrews wow what a lady! She looks so pretty in this film.
 I grew up watching Mary Poppins and loved it. So I wanted to share this movie with my 3 & 5 yr old daughters! They loved it too!!! A great movie we can share together!
 although I saw this many years ago when I was younger it is still a great movie and a real classic one all can enjoy for a long time to come
 Having just seen the Broadway Play, I wanted my granddaughter to see the original with Julie Andrews and Dick VanDyke.  It was so colorful and wonderful.  So glad we found it on Amazon.
 I bought a copy of Mary Poppins for my daughters and they love it. I saw this movie when I was a kid 40 years ago and wanted to share it with them. They are still sign Chin Chimeny!
 My husband and I have been slowly but surely adding to our 'classic' movie collection and had been waiting for a good price on this. We love this movie and really liked the special features on this. I can't pick a 'favorite scene' cause there are so many. Definitely worth the wait, we have watched it twice so far lol!
 This is a fantastic movie and music for kids!  these classic tunes and funny dialog had my 7 year old laughing and singing all week.
 We had this movie on vhs when my children were growing up.  They loved it and watched it many times.  I ordered this dvd for our granddaughter who is not quite 2 years old yet and she already loves "Poppins"!  I was so glad to get it on dvd at such a good price.
 I received this dvd for Christmas and it is wonderful. The extras are great taking you behind the scenes. I always loved Mary Poppins but now I love it more if that is possible. I recommend this to anyone who grew up with this movie or if you have someone who will see it for the first time.
 The best movie every!  Super fast delivery too. This is a wonderful movie for any child or adult - lots of singing, dancing, and just fun!
 The kids love this classic movie. They sing and dance to it all the time.  My husband was tired of it after the 7 time in one week.
 How wonderful to be able to share with my daughter one of my favorite movies.  The disc set came packaged new and shipping was so fast.  I believe I have enjoyed it even more now because I can share a clean and positive movie with her.  And she absolutely loves watching the singing and dancing.
 A classic movie that never gets old!  Can't wait for my kids to watch it come Christmas morning!  Julie Andrews is amazing.
 This was a great movie when it came out.  It was a great movie for years.  It is still an outstanding movie and as enjoyable decades later as it was originally.  A great family movie for any personal library.
 I got this video for my 6yr old grandaughter - and even with all of the new amazing technology available, she absolutely loved this movie!  She still talks about it and wants to watch it again.  It was wonderful to share something from my childhood with her that she equally enjoyed without thinking it was "old or outdated".
 It is a very good movie! A classic and my kids love to watch it! Fun for the whole family!
 My daughter enjoyed it as much as I did when I was a little girl! Great movie and still fun to watch as an adult.
 Loved this movie when I was younger and still do.  I gave a "Mary Poppins party for some students at my school and we all watched & sang together.  A classic musical for all ages!!
 This classic movie was wonderful when my children were young and can still capture the attention of my grandchildren! It's entertaining and leaves all with a feeling of wellbeing!
 C.S. Lewis believed that a story worth enjoying at 10 is worth enjoying again at 50.  While I do enjoy my childhood favorites
 Can Never go wrong with Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. I loved this movie when I was a teen. Now I enjoy it even more with my grandchildren.
 This DVD never gets old to me...I saw it as a little girl and the anniversary addition has lots extra! Worth every penny...and the songs bring back lots of great memories!
 You NEED this movie. Kids or no kids, Mary Poppins is a must have movie I love the songs. I love Julie Andrews. I just love this movie.
 My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildren  Keep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.  The NEVER get tired of watching.
 Product came very quickly, in exactly the condition advertised and has brought so much fun to my granddaughter and I..thank you
 I have loved this movie since I was little now my grandkids love it too
 A great movie that was as good now as it was in the 196o's. Perfect gift!
 I bought this for my kids ages 6 & 4, and they love it but I am wondering why in 2009 they did not remaster it to HD? A Blu Ray release would have been huge!!!!!!
 The product is fine, in good condition.  And I apreciate the sender including a nice note - shows that she cares about what she does and her product.  Thank you.
 I have started collecting Disney classic that I watched as a child for my granddaughter.  I enjoy watching them with her.
 Who doesn't remember with fondness the film, "Mary Poppins", It's almost a household name. What made this film so special was not only the cleaver casting of Julie Andrews and Dick van Dyke; but the immortal soundtrack by the Sherman brothers. This 45th anniversary presentation of the film is as good as it gets. The visual quality is second to none and the sound just as it was in the cinema. It could have been shot today, that's how good this DVD is. With the quality and care of the original filming, Mary is going to be around for many more generations to admire and love. Let's face it, there's a little bit of Mary in all of us. So step in time and step to the store and add it to your collection immediately. Buy it!
 I've been slowly replacing my VHS collection, some of which dates back to my childhood, with DVDs.  My old VHS copy of this film had to be from the early 1980's and had been recorded off TV so you can imagine how muddled the quality was.  I was amazed when watching the DVD version at all the detail that I'd missed out on in my old version.  It was like watching a completely different movie at times!  But overall, I love this movie! What's not to love? Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews? They're the best. Plus all those familiar actors and voices from other Disney films of that time period.  The bonus features were fun too.  The DVD arrived in the expected amount of time with the expected overall quality.  I'm very pleased with the vendor, the delivery time and the movie of course!
 I saw this movie many moons ago when I was in grade school.  I thought it was a magical, entertaining story.  I bought it for my 2 and 3 year old as something I thought they'd enjoy when they got to grade school.  I was surprised to see them riveted to it for most of the program.  I was doubly surprised they wanted to watch it over and over again!  I'm pretty sure it was the singing and dancing that held their attention.  This is definitely a classic that even little ones will enjoy now!
 great movie i got for my grandson to see and own--he loves it and so do i....
 Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke are just great together.  Bought this for my granddaughters and they have enjoyed watching it along with their grandparents.  A good clean family movie.
 Even if you know this film by heart, this DVD is worth it for the extras.  How many classic films from decades past have both stars doing the commentary?  Not to mention Karen Dotrice (who played Jane Banks), who adds another charming touch, and a moving tribute to Matthew Garber, her sibling in the film, who died of complications of Hepatitis acquired while traveling in India.  But there's more
 My girls ages 18 mos. and 4 just love this whole story.  They love the songs and it provides great models for children to look up to with great lessons to learn.  The music throughout is wonderful, too, and they love to dance to it.
 This was one of my favorite movies when I was growing up.  I am so happy to see that my two sons love it as much as I did.  The whole family now has songs to sing in the car.  This is a great movie for kids of every age.
 Mary Poppins is a treat for the whole family.  We have 2 little kids and they love it.  The songs are timeless and the themes are just as relevant now as when it was made.  The special edition is great.
 This is a great movie for the family it will put a smile and laughter in everyone.
 I got this dvd for my son but I got it for the music I love julie Andrews she always does a great job with what she does it cme in good shape and on time thanks
 If you have never seen this movie you live under a rock. I don't think a review is necessary. This is probably the one movie I quote the most. And since I enjoy birds and am currently living in Europe, you can imagine how often "Feed the Birds comes to mind.
 This classic is one I have fond memories of since it was a special treat for us to go see a movie. 45 years ago, when it came out, it was perhaps the first time that actors were combined with animation and it was totally magical for us as kids. My family had never seen it before, so we all enjoyed watching it. The overall feeling you get from watching it is good and I like that. Glad I bought it.
 This is Disney's best live-action/animation movie! Better than all of the studio's more recent live-action films (films based on rides are boring and shows a sign of running out of ideas. Teen musicals are a passing fad). Julie Andrews is, of course, "practically perfect as Mary Poppins. Her voice is excellent on every song she's in. Dick Van Dyke is also brilliant and I applaud him on his Cockney accent. At least he tried compared to other movies that take place in another country and they cast an American (here's looking at you, the most convincing German ever, Tom Cruise). The songs are as memorable as ever. When you're older, you realize how well the songs fit and are relevant to the plot.  The features were wonderful to watch (I didn't buy the previous release). And now I'm gonna sidetrack but I'll make it relevant. I'm going to New York and I was planning on what shows to see like Chicago and Mamma Mia! I was planning on doing a Disney one but Little Mermaid seems too implausible to be realized on stage (I also saw a clip of the ending somewhere and it's really lackluster compared to the film. I know it would've been a big budget thing, but still) and for The Lion King, I wouldn't be sucked into the story because I'd be totally aware I'm watching people, not animals, on stage. So that leaves the Mary Poppins adaptation. Judging from the clips on this DVD, THEY TOTALLY SCREWED IT UP! I know you need to adjust it for the stage but they changed to much and added too many new songs. "Practically Perfect seems to be the only new one to fit. They put the end song of the film at the beginning of the second act and they totally eliminate Uncle Albert. They change Mrs. Banks from a woman's suffrage leader to an actress trying to please her husband! This is one thing Disney should've left as a movie!
 This is a really nice movie. My 5 year daughter and 3 year old son love to watch this movie over and over again. This is a true classic that anyone should have in his kids DVD collection.
 BEST MOVIE!! Really stands the test of time. Bonus features are great and let you see and listen to music only when you only have time for a little Mary
 A different sort of review this, for it invites YOUR participation!  Haven't seen MARY POPPINS since 1964, and finally watched it again yesterday. The colors on my VHS copy are vivid and the film's condition quite excellent throughout.  Random impressions
 Just recently, I watched this film with my younger sister, who is pretty much obsessed with the whole "High School Musical phenomenon.  I wanted to show her the musical that defined MY childhood, but wasn't sure how she would react to the dated graphics and themes.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that she found the film to be very entertaining, from the goofy songs to the crazy characters to the wacky animation.  In all honesty, though, what is not to like about this charming film?!  The areas in which the movie excels include
 The Mary Poppins DVD (Gold Collection) is OOP (Out Of Print). As of August 26, 2004, you can still purchase it at the Disney Movie Club (DisneyMovieClub-dot-com) for 19.99. The catch is that you have to sign up and buy 5 movies at regular club prices.  The 40th Anniversary Edition is going to be available December 14, 2004. Just search for "Mary Poppins (40th Anniversary Edition) on Amazon. This version is a lot nicer than the Gold Collection version. Currently, its 20.99 on pre-order.  The prices for new and used DVDs when you click on the "See all buying options are crazy (27 to 85 dollars).
 I received a special preview copy of the 40th anniversary of Marry Poppins DVD edition. I must say I spend two whole days reviewing the special features. It is amazing and a must have DVD for the Holidays and all year long.  This DVD edition is remastered in the DISNEYS' THX home Theatre set up. The audio is incredible and the restored print is amazing bright, vibrant and textured. The movies are toted as Walt's best achievement ever. And it has everything you would want in a film for the entire family including a break down of sing-a-long songs.  40th Anniversary DVD contains
 Like many folks here, I saw this one when I was very young--right after second grade, I think. By the time it came to the theater in my little rural hometown a year after its release, Julie Andrews had already won an Oscar for her work as the title character.  Not that that mattered.  To the kids in my class at school, this was the hot, must-see movie of that summer--the way "Star Wars would be in the next decade.  I can still remember laughing over Dick Van Dyke tap-dancing with the penguins and crying during the "Bird Woman song (which was as much social commentary as a sentimental tune about our feathered friends). I became a fan of Dick Van Dyke's show after this--he basically won my heart as Bert--the jack-of-all-trades special friend to Mary and the Banks' children.  For the rest of that summer, man, I WAS Mary Poppins.  My mom bought me a record of all the songs, I used her old Avon sample case as my carpetbag, and I acted out the movie every day. If VCRs and DVDs had been everyday household items then, I would have asked for "Mary Poppins for Christmas. (It would have been worn out by Easter, most likely!) As happens to children almost overnight, my interests changed over the next year and I sort of got over my fixation with Mary, Bert, et. al.  After all, Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke went on to other things after that, so why not me?   And then in the 90s, Disney re-released "Mary Poppins as a video.  I bought it for my daughter (or at least that was the excuse I gave my husband).  Though she was too young to understand everything in the movie--just as I was the first time I saw it--she, too, loved "Mary Poppity as she called it.  We must have played it at least 3 times a week during the first summer we had it, while living in temporary housing and waiting for our house to be built.  She, too, loves to act this one out and to sing the songs for hours on end.  The apple does not fall far from the tree, I guess. As for me. . .it's all I remembered it to be, and then some. For starters, the music. . .what was missing from the old record I had were the overture, underscores, and closing score--they were beautifully put together.  And the little details are delightful, too.  Among them
 To date, it is hard to think of a movie that integrated story, character, musical numbers, animation and live action as enchantingly as Mary Poppins.  For children, no other movie provides the sheer exuberance or delightfully  conveyed good messages.  For adults, there is a Puff The Magic Dragon theme  throughout that comes over you when you watch it as a grown-up; I think it  is that twist of sadness and of time passing by that keeps Mary Poppins on  the top of the list.  Julie Andrews is arch perfection in a role she plays  with no sentiment at all; her Mary is as spit-spot and no-nonsense as in  the books; and again, it is that air of authenticity that wins you over --  completely.  Dick Van Dyke displays his many affable talents here in  spades, and the children are absolutely adorable.  The London locations are  a dream come true, and provide a visual backdrop for the adventures at hand  that keeps unfolding with wit and creativity. Though the final scenes in  the bank do drag on a bit, this movie is whisked along by some of the  Sherman Brothers' best music, which conveys not only spirited fun and  frivolity, but also sweet melancholy -- Chim Chim Cheree creeps up on you  by surprise, and at its conclusion you are moved to a place of wistfulness.  Joyful and enduring.
 This special edition was most enjoyable. The added video of the musical play adaptation was delightful. It was fun seeing this magical musical classic again after seeing it in the movies when I was a kid. It keeps the young in me. Mary Poppins just keeps the medicine as sweet as ever.
 It's 1964 again and I'm 10 years old. This 45th Anniversary edition of Mary Poppins is wonderful. I love it just as much now as I did when I saw it at the movie theatre. I would recommend this DVD to everyone.
 This is a wonderful movie and I got it for all of the bonus features.
 This is a great family movie. Very funny in all ways. There was nothing I didn't like about it. Great cast of actors. WOULD RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO ANYONE AND ALL.  AWANAKARD
 After all these years kids still LOVE this movie and whats not to like. Good clean wholesome entertainment. A classic!
 This will always be enjoyed by generations to come. Julie Andrews was the perfect choice for Maria. Loved the extras with the film.
 Fabulous. If you like singing, dancing, life lessons, and have an imagination this is for you
 <a href="http
 A long-time favoritel; a classic.  Have always wanted to own this movie and am nothing less than ecstatic!  Many thanks!!!!
 This is just as charming as it was when I first saw it many years ago!!! It was the part of London  close to my home.
 Although I knew all the songs as a child, I do not recall every actually seeing this movie.  (I think I saw it performed as part of Disney on Parade.., does anyone remember that?).  So what a delight to watch this DVD with my own kids.  All the songs I remember, and a simple if enjoyable storyline.  As a father myself now, the tale of Mr. Banks placing his work before his family is a cautionary one for all working parents.  Pay close attention to the old man at the bank..., it's actually Dick Van Dyke!  This is Julie Andrew signature role, and it is great to see a move without explosions or violence, just fantasy and fun.  Highly Recommended!  Cheers!
 Great movie!  It was so nice to be able to get this somewhere.  My sister loved this as a child and really wanted to get it for Christmas this year.
 As a ten year old boy at the theater I was mesmerized buy this wonderful movie.  I remember feeling so excited and thinking this is the greatest film of all time.  As an adult, I reconnect with that child's enthusiasm every time I see Mary Poppins, although the attraction I felt for Julie Andrews is better understood.  There are not enough adjectives to describe it but enchanting stands out.  Unforgettable and a touch of true magic from Disney.  Julie Andrews will always be frozen in time for me and what a fantastic treasure she is.
 Disney or not, this is simply Julie Andrews at her very best. Everytime I watch it, I keep thinking how much trouble Mr. Disney had to get the rights to film the project, plus his discovery of Julie in Broadway production of Camelot. They were ready to cast her, but were crossing their fingers for the outcome of the "screentest". Low and behold she took over the cinema screen with a "snap of a finger. Another comment I might add, is that some might look at the animation sequence as outdated by today's standards, but to follow the story at a closer level, the animation in this movie is about entering a drawn fantasy world via Mary Poppins. The drawing in the story is a pavement picture among many accomplished by an jack of all trades. He even apologizes for any shortcomings his drawings may have to the home audience in mild references. So, with that in mind, it would be out of character (if you will) to have the animation suddenly appear a phenomenal rendering by today's animation standards because in the story it has been drawn by an apologetic part-time artist. And with that, take a better look at that background forest and the architecture of the colorful bridges, they still leave many animators in the country dust! Mary Poppins is, and always will be, Mr. Walt Disney's "crowning achievement". . . make no mistakes.
 I bought this DVD for my granddaughter who is 4. She absolutely loves it and has watched it multiple times since receiving it for Christmas. She loves to dance and sing along with the songs. It is a fairly long film and we don't always make it all the way through it.
 Julie Andrews was incredible in this. The music is fantastic and it is great for the whole family.  Other classics not to forget about are
 With full aditional features you can enjoy and remember your chilhood with the olds and greats Julie And Dick.  Supercalifragilistiespialidocious.
 This is one of the absolute best family movies ever, and has a message that is needed even more in this day and age. Filled with beautiful, memorable songs, and superb performances, Mary Poppins is a gem and a classic. It is enchanting to see how Mary is able to teach a work-a-holic, self-centered, uninvolved father, and a sweet-but-sidetracked mother what their most precious possessions truly are--their children and their family. And Mary does it all so subtly, even magically, that the medicine really does go down with that spoonful of sugar!  Along the way, Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) and Bert (Dick Van Dyke) take the children on magical adventures to an English countryside, a tea party on the ceiling, and a chimney sweep's paradise. Dick Van Dyke said that this is the best movie he ever did, and ever hoped to do. I agree with him! A must-have for every family library!!
 I saw this movie when I was just a kid and I loved it then. I saw it again now after so many years and I still loved it as much!! This is simply a great classic masterpiece that everyone should see and have!
  Mary Poppins  remains the ultimate Disney musical that both entertains and, in a lighthearted tone, sends a sweet message to children and grown-ups alike. This might sound melodramatic, but anybody who has gotten so deep into the  9 to 5  work routine to the point that they miss the  here and now  could totally relate to this fine work!  Such a passionate statement rings true in almost any age;  Mary Poppins  is a wake-up call, a scathing assault on the mindless conformity that runs rampant in any modern society. I can't hum  Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious  without also thinking  Protagasubterfugerist et antiphlogistic!  Cheery tunes about nonsensical words indeed mix with angry Greek slogans demanding that the apathetic sloth we call society be energized with the inflammation that is the rising public anger latent in a hollowed culture. Credit for the swift delivery of prosaic force that drives home this angry attack on modern corporate society should go to director Robert Stevenson, who directed many popular Disney films.  Mary Poppins  is a departure for Stevenson; unlike his  nuclear family  hits like  Son of Flubber,  this body of work reveals a brave soul letting out a Guajardian cry for help. This is most abundant in the melodic tune of discontent disguised as joy  I Love To Laugh,  a symbolic parody revealing that laughing at jokes rife with dark humor spears our souls with a hallucinatory effect, delivering us to heights we may never return from, all while the impoverished starve and the farm animals sicken in the fields. Guajardian musical lyrics have never been better! I can't help but believe this film was a cathartic exercise for Stevenson. Unlike his feelgood movies, this is a focused and consistent work. There is only one other Robert Stevenson film I can think of where he seems to cut deep with his personal creative punch. That 1971 work parallels  Mary Poppins  with its upbeat sardonic songs, but also effectively utilizes surreal gothic imagery, chilling Wiccan chants and disturbing apocalyptic overtones. And while that particular film,  Bedknobs and Broomsticks,  delivers an almost Warholian assault on fascism,  Mary Poppins  reigns proudly as the pinochle of Robert Stevenson's body of work.
 In early twentieth century London, Michael and Jane Banks have scared off their fourth nanny in six months, when at last the perfect candidate for the job blows into town. This is the central plot to Mary Poppins, a Disney musical comedy, intended to entertain both children and adults.  The father, Mr. Banks, is a banker, very precise, and a bit of a martinet.  The mother, Mrs. Banks, is a suffragette. The two children wish for something better, and Mary Poppins is the answer to their wish.  She leads them through a number of adventures and introduces them to many people before she influences their father's approach to family life.  In the movie, children are encouraged to use their imagination while parents are reminded what it is like to be a child again thus bringing the family closer.   The first outing the children experience with Mary Poppins is to the park.  The children do not think it would be fun, but they are in for a big surprise.  Jane and Michael encounter Bert, a sidewalk chalk artist.  The children show interest in one of the drawings so Bert has the children use their imaginations as if they were in one of them.  He pretends to ride a boat in one of the pictures using sound effects with his mouth and his walking stick.  Another drawing is of a tightrope walker in which he once again pretends to be in the drawing.  This makes the children feel they are there at the events.  Then Bert tries to make the children think they can go into a chalk drawing by having them "Think, wink, double blink, close your eyes and jump.  Since that did not work, Mary Poppins stepped in to help everyone experience the chalk drawing.  Mary Poppins and Bert took the children into animated landscapes where penguins tap dance, barn animals talk, merry-go-round horses participate in horse races, and umbrellas talk.  The children come into a fantasy world where everything around them is perfect.  Michael and Jane were encouraged to use their imaginations to get them there.     All throught the movie, Mr. Banks is very cold, uptight, stern, and course.  He has forgotten about the simple joys and pleasures of life.  The father is only interested in his job, money, and running the house.  "I'm the lord of my castle the sov'reign, the liege!  I treat my subjects
 this was the first time ive purchaced anything from amazon and i was very impressed . my items arrived before i expected and although i purchaced the used products, you wouldnt have knowen. everything looked new .
 During the 90's Disney flicks were lame, drippy musicals. This is not the case with Mary Poppins. The songs are still fresh and vibrant. As a whole this is the most re-watchable musical flick ever, so I'm happy to have it in DVD. Highly recommended to adults, even those that were put off Disney by "The Little Mermaid and the rest of the Eisner era dreck-to-theater.  However, I have to admit that from a technical point of view, Mary Poppins shows its age. The blend between humans and cartoons is not that good, so you have to try harder to keep your disbelief suspended.  Anyway, it has great nostalgic value for me. Perhaps kids might like it, too... I'll show it to my little nephews and tell you later.
 A great deluxe treament to an equally great film. Julie Andrews in her first film is just spellbinding as "Mary Poppins". The DVD has a great transfer and a load of interesting extras. One of Disneys finest moments.
 The children that watched this movie really enjoyed it!! The adults that  watched knew what was coming next and really enjoyed it again!!!
 The DVD arrived in perfect condition and the DVD with all the additional information about it's making was a pleasant surprise. The movie itself was thoroughly enjoyable would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in fine acting, dancing, singing and most of all flying.
 This edition of Mary Poppins is amazing. I never thought i'd learn so much from a commentary, lol. The shipping was amazingly quick as well. The condition of the entire package was excellent!
 This is my favorite musical of all time. It's wonderfully done, and the story is excellent. Julie Andrews did a great job in her first ever cinematic role, she plays a magical nanny that comes to a rich man's house in order to bring the family back together. What I love about her performance is that she looks very confident and so straight forward and firm, not as playful as you may think. The film also has Dick Van Dyke in the role of Bert, who is a very good friend of Mary Poppins and also handles magic very well. That role was funny and very entertaining(the accent is a bit confusing though), and i loved all of his dance numbers, especially Step In Time, the dance on the roof-top. Another excellent performance was David Tomlinson, who did the role of George Banks, the father of the children. He is very firm and strict, but he can also be very clumsy and forgetful, which is another reason I liked him. His song The Life I Lead was also great. This film was prized with five well-deserved Academy Awards, for the excellent Film Editing, the Visual Effects, like the jump into the pavement picture, the tea party on the ceiling and the smoke ladder, the excellent score, the song Chim Chim Cheree, which may have not been the best song, but one of them had to win, and last but not least, the excellent (oscar-winning) performance by Julie Andrews. I cannot find any more words for this film, so I'll leave you with one word. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
 I think this review will be of interest to most people. I'm one of the few people who never saw "Mary Poppins as a child. You read that right. I saw it recently for the first time on DVD and here are my impressions of it
 There's no need to write another review of this splendid film.  This is only to wonder at the one part of the film and all the commentary on the 40th anniversary edition that confuses me
 My daughter was as engaged by movie as quickly at 3 as I was at 3!  What a wonderful classic that we can share!
 Product was as advertised. Our young granddaughters enjoy it very much. There are a number of bonus features, not all of which we have had time to explore. One falw is that when one selects a segment to view, it proceeds on to the rest of the DVD after the desired segment is completed.
 The 'Nanny' kids need to help survive their chaos- who'll always BE THERE for them, to help the "medicine go down".
 I bought this as a birthday gift but now I wish that I had kept it for myself!  Oh, Well!!  Mary Poppins is truly a classic... and so am I!!!
 Mary Poppings is a movie for the whole family. It is fun and holds adventure that all can enjoy. Have fun watching.
 Mary Poppins is one of the best movies ever made and it's appealing to all ages and sexes.
 I hadn't seen this movie since it came out.  Enjoyed it every bit as much as I did the first time.
 I had seen Mary Poppins as a child so I already knew what the movie was about before I purchased it. I now have a child and want him to enjoy some of the same classics I enjoyed when I was a child. I love this movie and I know he will too!
 Classic safe children's entertainment.  Great for mixed aged kids.  No violence. No potty talk.  The gold standard for kids under 9.
 Is there no better movie out there than Mary Poppins. With stars Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke, you are assured of great acting and music. Dick Van Dyke for me is one of the greates actors of all times, especially when you're talking his earlier works like this and 'Chitty Chitty Bang Bang'. His songs and acting are all fun and exciting.  The special effects on this is definitely outdated by our standards but were cutting edge way back when.  If you have kids, this will be worth your time. They love the way at the end when the kids take over the castle and put the 'Child Catcher' in the big net. He always disturbed me as a child, just something about the way way his face was made up. He has the same effect on my daughter as the Oompa Loompas of the orignal Wonka movie.
 My 4 year old son, 2 1/2 year old son and 1 year old daughter all enjoy this film.  They mainly enjoy the singing but my 4 year old is able to get some of the jokes.  A nice video for family movie night since it is not scary or too fast paced.
 The Banks family is in need of a new nanny for Jane and Michael.  Fortunately, one arrives on the wind in the form of Mary Poppins.  She's everything the kids want, fun and magical.  But while she's taking them to chalk painting countrysides and tea parties on the ceiling, their father is less then happy.  Can he be made to see beyond the end of his nose?  Ok, so this movie is really little more then an excuse for song and dance numbers.  It's still great!  The plot is paper thin, and you loose site of it in the middle of some of their fantastic scenes.  Of course, part of that is because the movie is based on a book that is really nothing but short stories.  Still this movie is more about fun then anything else.  And it has that in spades.  What kid wouldn't have fun imaging that they get to do all the things that Jane and Michael do in this movie?  It's said that Walt Disney poured everything he had learned into making this film, and it shows.  Many of the special effects hold up remarkably well today.  There were some I still hadn't figured out until watching this special edition.  And the music!  Any fan of Disney knows these songs by heart.  And you can't help but find yourself humming "A Spoonful of Sugar, "Jolly Holiday, "Let's Go Fly a Kite, or "Chim Chim Cher-ee for days after seeing it.  Those wanting to own a great DVD of this film won't be disappointed in this two-disc set.  Disc one features the movie in all its wide screen glory.  I can't see how it's ever looked better.  The soundtrack has many different options, but the Home Theater mix will blow you away.  It's fantastic.  There is also a commentary track featuring Julie Andrews, Dick van Dyke, Karen Dubice (Jane), and Richard Sherman.  Sprinkled in are archive comments from others, including Disney himself.  Also included are some pop up facts to read along with while watching the movie.  Disc two features a new documentary on the film, a deleted song, and more on the music with Julie, Dick, and the composers.  And be sure to check out the animated "The Cat That Looked at a King, a tale adapted from one of the later books in the series.  One thing that comes through loud and clear in this set is how much fun everyone had making it and how much they respect Walt Disney.  The fact that this film has lasted 40 years is testament to his genius.  With this set, it'll be enjoyed by generations to come.
 We are a 3 generation Mary Poppins family.  I saw it as a young child--when it first came out, grew up with the MP music books and repeated viewings of Mary Poppins.  I ordered the VCR tape approximately 20 years ago at a premium price.  I am still using it.  My 3 sons grew up with Mary Poppins, learning each and every line to the songs and script.  They played "Mary Poppins".  Now my 2-1/2 year old granddaughter is the biggest fan--2-3 times a day the video is viewed.  I purchased 2 sets of the DVDs as well as the music CDs for 2004 Christmas. Our granddaughter sings to the music, knows each scene and hushes us as not to miss a particular song. She does the Spit-Spot mirror scene-hand gestures and all!  Mary Poppins--is wonderful!
 This is the third DVD release of the Disney classic, and the studio's current technology has given us a print that probably looks better than it did in 1964 - not a scratch to be found anywhere.  The first DVD release presented a copy of the movie that showed little or no remastering at all, with a faded image and sound to boot.  Everything looked and sounded much better in the second release, the first to use 5.1 audio. But anyone watching the present DVD for the first time should appreciate all the work done during the immaculate restoration.  The image is incredibly sharp, bringing out even the smallest freckles on Julie Andrews' face.  Audio selections are varied on this new disc, including a French and a Spanish track, and three English tracks.  The sound is a marvel in 5.1 Disney Enhanced Home Theater Mix - what a treat!  However, this "Mix", and the 2.0 version of the mix, sounds somewhat blurred when heard on TV speakers.  A good test is when the chorus enters during the main title sequence, singing "Chim Chim Cher-ee".  Normally, the chorus is up front and focused, but with the Enhanced Mix on TV they tend to be behind the already distanced orchestra.  For TV speakers only, viewers are encouraged to choose the Original 2.0 Theatrical Mix, which sharpens the sound considerably.  Extras are very fun and informative.  One of the best DVD's of the year.
 This edition of Mary Poppins will captivate you and entertain you to no end! GRIN Finally, a QUALITY two DVD set of this awesome classic Disney picture! I remember seeing Mary Poppins when I was much younger and this release does not disappoint! It is loaded with extras and the quality of the picture and sound is excellent!  The plot of the movie involves Julie Andrews as Mary Poppins, a magical nanny who becomes the governess of the Banks children who have a stuffed shirt father. (By the way, this part is similar to the role Julie would play the following year as Maria in The Sound of Music.) How Mary finds out about the job is in itself magical since the father of the Banks children had thrown away the letter they wrote asking for a nanny! We never get to know where she came from, either! Mary uses her love and natural powers to bring joy to the Banks children without ever being too overbearingly "preachy. Later on in the movie the father is faced with the possible loss of his job and the moral of the story is delivered to the audience in a very well done fashion.  The acting is superlative and the musical numbers are unforgettable. To this day "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious remains an extremely catchy song and the other songs like "Chim Chim Cher-ee and "A Spoonful of Sugar are completely enchanting!  But there's more! This DVD set is loaded--and I mean loaded--with valuable extras that will entertain you and raise your understanding of how the film was made as well as its history. For example, there's "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
 The all-new 40th Anniversary edition of MARY POPPINS is definitely a must-own for all fans of the movie, and has been well worth the wait.  As the editorial review states, this is the third DVD of MARY POPPINS to be released.  The last edition (on the Gold Classics label) featured a great print but scant extras and fans simply knew that the Disney company should have done a better job remastering and releasing one of their most beloved films.  Our prayers have been answered!  This brand-new MARY POPPINS features a state-of-the-art new digital restored print (similar to that done on the SNOW WHITE Platinum Edition), and a veritable carpetbag-full of extra features, the big highlight being an audio commentary by Dame Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke and Karen Dotrice among others.  It is indeed a thrilling movie experience.  Out of the dreary London skies soars Mary Poppins, who sets about restoring the love and friendships in the fractured Banks family.  Along the way Mary leads us through many magical adventures including a 'Jolly Holiday' inside a pavement chalk picture, a tea party on the ceiling with Uncle Albert and a dance on the rooftops with Bert and his chimney-sweep pals.  Other 'Supercalafragilisticexpialidocious' extras include a sequence deleted from the picture ("Chimpanzoo"), to an all-new retrospective documemtary with interviews with all the surviving lead cast-members.  Julie Andrews (who has renewed her ties to the Disney family with her role as Queen Clarisse in the PRINCESS DIARIES films) also has a lovely chat with Dick Van Dyke and composer Richard Sherman as they reminisce about making the movie.  If you own the earlier DVD edition and think you've seen MARY POPPINS think again!  This all-new 40th Anniversary tribute is the ultimate testament to this magical Disney masterpiece!  Buy it today!
 Julie Andrews won the 1965 Academy Award for Best Actress in this delighful musical adaptation of the popular British children's books. And deservedly so. From the moment she descends from the sky as Poppins and lands on the front steps of Jane and Michael Bank's home, there's absolutely no stopping her. Here, as in the many films she would make over the next five decades, Andrews graps hold of a part, takes it that extra mile and never once disappoints.  As Poppins, she is magnificent. But there's more to the part than just singing about tea parties on the ceiling, popping in and out of chalk pavement pictures or spoonfuls of sugar. Sure, she's the nanny we'd all love to have. But in the story, her character arrives just in the knick of time to put a dysfunctional family back together in true Disney fashion. The songs are great. In particular,  Chim-Chim Cheree,   Spoonful of Sugar,   I Love to Laugh  and  Supercalifragilisticexpalidocious.  The rest of the cast, Dick Van Dyke, Karen Dotrice, Glynis Johns, David Tomlinson, Matthew Garber and Ed Wynn, also add to the fun. Hard to believe that it's been 37 years since this film was first released. Nontheless, it's just as entertaining as it was way back when. It's also fun to sit back and watch a whole new generation of kids and their parents discover the magic and wonder of this terrific Disney film. Rent it today. Or Buy it. You won't be disappointed.
 Wonderful Disney film in a perfect WIDESCREEN DVD release.  Note to Disney Home Video
 After two lackluster DVD releases, Disney finally gave one of their most beloved and most popular films a dazzling DVD treatment for its 40th Anniversary.  The transfer for this movie is nothing short of breathtaking. No grain, no film flaws, nothing of the sort. Colors are vibrant, the audio is clear and crisp, and it's the best this movie's ever looked or sounded. The songs will sound nothing short of spectacular while special effects sequences will still be as magical as ever.  The bonus features are excellent and this DVD boasts some of the best bonuses ever for a non-Platinum Disney DVD. You have an INCREDIBLE making-of documentary that totally goes in-depth and is not at all fluffy. The short The Cat That Looked At A King is charming and a wonderful watch. The Musical Reunion and Musical Journey featurettes are both charming to watch. There's lots of footage from the world premiere, still art galleries, publicity materials, and more.  In addition to this DVD, Disney also released a 2-CD Special Edition soundtrack. Disc 1 boasts the most complete soundtrack album ever available. Disc 2 contains all kinds of bonus materials. The packaging and content is truly excellent.  I can't find any fault with this DVD or the Special Edition soundtrack. I definitely recommend both with full enthusiasm.
 This 40th anniversary edition of "Mary Poppins is absolutely fabulous.  The picture quality and new soundtrack in 5.1 is stunning.  A far better picture/sound than in the previous two issues.  I even watched disc 2, and I never watch the second disc.  It features one deleted song, and it was rather charming.  Other features include jumping to a song, or just watching all the songs with optional subtitles.  This is a great feature if you are trying to teach your kids those wonderful, loving songs.  This is one of the best discs Disney has ever put out, and its about time that "Mary Poppins gets the same treatment as any other "Vault Classic. There's a stretch of Mary Poppins, from around "The Perfect Nanny until "I Love to Laugh, that really is perfect.  Pure magic.  But then that ending just drags and drags.  The beauty of the movie, during that enchanting middle section, is that it is spirited and breathtaking, and delivers a message without being preachy.  But then, shortly after the gang find themselves laughing to the point that they float to the ceiling, the energy starts to leak out of the movie.  I appreciate that attention spans were longer a generation ago.  But, two hours and twenty minutes for a children's musical?  Could anyone- even back then- have really wanted to watch more of the Banks father being emasculated?  There is "Chim Chim Cher-ee and "Step in Time to break up the heavy handed morality, and then Mr. Banks' rebirth as a `quality-time' father is demonstrated briefly by his interest in kites.  Don't get me wrong.  I'm down with the messages
 Purchased this for my grown daughter - VHS just doesn't cut it - by the time a new format comes out - she'll have to buy her own
 Seller was very prompt in sending my order.  DVD arrived in perfect condition!  Impressive.
 Good delivery time, in time for Christmas and was ordered last minute.  Great condition-brand new in package.
 Our family loves this movie.  We had it in VHS, then we got it in DVD.
 The DVD arrived timely, was bought at a very fair price, was in perfect condition, and has been enjoyed several times by grandchildren.
 everything went smooth. I got the movie when I should have and it was flawless.
 I ordered Disney's Mary Poppins from Amazon.com.  I received it when I expected it and it was worth the wait.  An added bonus is that it is an authenic copy and not bootlegged as received from a different vendor when I ordered Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.  The movie itself is very entertaining and I would recommend it to anyone.
 received in excellent condition & fast !!! LOVE U GUYS  The movie is even better than I remember !
 I received mary poppins in short order, esp. at Christmas time! It arrived in the exact shape and condition that I expected.
 A simply magical musical. Disney's finest. I enjoy this film more now than when I was a kid.  Exceptional digital and audio transfer.
 Hello all! A great classic starring Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews as Mary Poppins, English nanny and helpful chimney sweeper extrodinaire-by the way, despite what the dictionary says, supercalifragilistic-expealidotious, means to expidite, to go fast. Anyway this is a timeless classic, and it was aired on Disney's ABC-Sunday night for the first time in probably twenty years, shown on television that is! A spoonful of sugar is probably about cough syrup, but back then I believe it was either castor oil or cod liver oil!YUCHHHH! This movie must be seen to be beleived and if you have the time, watch as Mary Poppins floats down on the town in a dirty black smock and a black umbrella, and gets herself a job as a clean the kids room type nanny! A wonderful and expediantly timed film!-Thank you dear childre-Love Mary Poppins(Garry Hixon)-POOF!_bye
 This movie will always be a classic. It's an excellent movie that showcases family and magic. I remember always wishing Mary Poppins was my nanny when I had to have a babysitter, because I thought they were all mean. This movie is a must see for everyone.
 i saw this film when i was a kid now i have gotten the dvd version for my kids
 Thanks for sending it punctually and in such perfect condition! We enjoyed this movie a lot!
 Movie arrived in great condition, just one little skip toward the end. But for the price, I think it's a good buy
 Having ordered items from Amazon in the past, I knew that I would first be getting a quality product sent in a timely manner. I was very well pleased with the whole process - from finding the item and finding the right one that I felt was the one that I knew my wife wanted. Then being able to order the item, using some of the gift certificates I had in my account.  My concern was the timing of the delivery but it came without any delays and I was able to track it's process so I knew where it was at everyday.  I will continue to shop and use Amazon because they know the meaning of customer service!  Thanks,  Don
 Julie Andrews was incredible in this.  The music is fantastic and it is great for the whole family.  Other classics not to forget about are
 Julie Andrews was incredible in this.  This musical came out brilliantly on film.  The music is wonderful and the imagination is great for both children and adults.  Other classics not to forget about are
 It's outstanding! I bought it for my dog and she enjoyed it enormously. The service and price were excellent. I bought this movie for my dog. My cat said it was childish and didn't like it. But my 4 year old dog loves it. She's watched it many times.
 Mr. Tyrell
 Actually, in reference to the lyrics shown below, it should be "Tuppence a bag".  That's the price for a bag of bird food.  As for the film, I still believe there was never one more magical and entertaining.  I don't really buy DVD's, but this one's an exception...can't wait 'til it's released.
 I got this movie,I also love their clothes in the movie. too bad,Julie Andrew can't sing. the kid who was Michael passed away of something,I don't know what of. I also like the song,too.
 It's hard to deny the charm of "Mary Poppins, the enchantingly colorful movie, from an era where Disney had outstanding movies up the wazoo, rather than one every now and then. Now for the fortieth anniversary of this enchanting movie, it's been rereleased with a slew of bonus features -- and for lovers of this movie, it's worth every second.  Jane and Michael Banks (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber) have a tendency to drive their nannies crazy. So when their strict father (David Tomlinson) puts out a call for a new nanny, he's startled when only one woman comes -- and Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) answered the request letter his children gave him, which he threw away. Mary Poppins's magical talents and offbeat pals soon endear her to the kids, especially when they romp through a chalk painting and have tea parties on the ceiling.  But things take a darker turn when Mr. Banks takes the children to the bank where he works (get it? Banks? Bank? Yeah, whatever). After the kids inadvertantly cause a riot, they are taken along by Mary Poppins' friend Bert (Dick Van Dyke), a goodhearted Cockney. And then things take an unexpected turn when Mr. Banks is in danger of losing his job, forcing him to realize what is really important in his life.  Walt Disney (the man as well as the corporation) was at his peak when "Mary Poppins debuted, starring rubbery comic Dick Van Dyke and Broadway star Julie Andrews. Even though the film was made forty years ago, the special effects and blend of animation and reality are remarkably fresh and undated -- from the cartoon foxhunt to the rival nannies being blown down the street by a strong wind. And the story is a timeless one -- family should come first.  Surprisingly, the movie's more sober, melancholy second half makes it more palatable to adults. A spoonful of sugar may make the medicine go down, but you don't want too much sugar (ex. the cartoon chalk drawing, the goofy Uncle Albert who acts like he's on ecstacy) The fluff is toned down with the threat of unemployment and parental estrangement.  What makes the bonus DVD worth getting? It seems to be mostly aimed at the target group (kids) rather than nostalgic adults -- there is a rather peculiar animated short, based on one of the Mary Poppins novels by the original author. There's also the "I Love to Laugh game, which is basically answering questions to get Uncle Albert off the ceiling, a singalong, and a reconstructed concept-art song that was deleted from the final product, "Chimpanzoo.  Fun for kids, but adults will skip right over to the audio commentary (Andrews and van Dyke) and historical reminiscing, which include a making-of featurette and a look at the musical creations in this film. A particular bonus is a reunion with Andrews, van Dyke and composer Richard Sherman around a piano -- it's just very relaxed, laid-back and well-made.  One of the best things is that the entire film has been remastered. Half of "Mary Poppins' charm is in the visuals and songs. So it's great to see the color and sound cleaned up and sharpened -- it has the slight fuzz of a film that needed a bit more work (or maybe that's my old TV), but overall the work is good.  Forty years have passed, and "Mary Poppins' charm is undiminished. So in celebration of that, the anniversary edition with all the bonus material is definitely worth getting.
 Everyone knows this film, right?  It's essential watching for children of all ages.  Mary Poppins is the quinessential magical nanny, and Julie Andrews has become so identified with her performance in this film that  most people will always see her as Mary Poppins. Anyways, I recently  purchased the Gold Collection DVD of this classic movie.  It is essentially  the same as the previous Disney release except for a few points.  First,  this one actually *has* a few extras, which most of the early Disney DVDs  lacked (shame on Disney!).  The transfer is the same, but in addition, we  now have a documentary on the film, a trailer, a short premiere featurette,  and a trivia game. It's still pretty sparse as far as extras go and nothing  spectacular, but it's an improvement for Disney.  Oh yes, and there are  those annoying trailers at the beginning of the DVD that Disney likes to  put on all its DVDs.  Oh well. If you have the DVD already, don't bother  buying this one.  If you don't have the DVD, by all means purchase the Gold  collection Mary Poppins.  It's a classic film that can be enjoyed by the  family over and over again.
 I am biased on this film.. I loved it since i was a kid!  I learned to read following along with my mom reading the "souvenier book from the movie.  The transfer is superior, the special features are fun and interesting.  Watching it, I was 4 years old again (if only!)
 This is such a wonderful movie.  This was the very first movie I saw in a theater as kid at age 9 and was allow to escort my younger cousin.  It was our first time alone in the theater and we felt so grown up.  This movie was so full of surprises and has always been my second most favorite movie (after the Wizard of Oz.)  Julie Andrews was the most perfect nanny ever.  I've always wonder why our babysitters never carried a magic bag.  I remember going home and trying to snap my fingers to clean up my room.  My shock that my toys and clothes didn't move on their own.  The music was wonderful and Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious was the biggest song hit in school (sung is just about every school's concert in our town.)  This movie was full of magic.  It allow us to dream that things were possible.  Even when the grownups didn't understand, you knew that there was magic all around.  I am so thrill for the 40th anniversary and will get this.  I am still bum that you can't clean your house with a simple snap of your fingers.
 The film speaks for itself. As fresh and damn well entertaining as it was forty years ago, this is How To Make a Family Movie 101. The cast are uniformly excellent (ignoring Dick Van Dyke's appaulling Cockney accent) and the songs are by far the Sherman Brothers' best. The extended running time never drags and the script sparkles with it's aim at every demographic.  The extras are still a little sketchy - the 'plus much more' not boding very well - but the real gem of this is the commentary. Very few classic movies of this vintage are lucky enough to have their two principle performers still alive and I really had hoped that Andrews and Van Dyke would take to the microphone. I am not disappointed! Hopefully this will be an all-new group commentary and not just interveiw snippets spliced together.  The other hope for this disc - and this one seems less likely - is that this will be released around the same time as the stage production of the movie hits the London stage. I would love to see some coverage of this show on the extras ala Lion King and Beauty and the Beast, but since the show will be in it's infancy, I doubt whether there would be time to assemble such footage. We may have to wait for the fiftieth anniversary edition for that!
 Well, what can I say.  Mary Poppins was my alltime favorite movie as a child.  Although I never actually owned it, I had watched it in Day Care and seen it in the theatres.  I may just have to buy it now that it's on DVD.  It has some of my favorite songs.  Sometimes I catch myself singing "A Spoonful of Sugar, while doing my sidework at the restaurant where I work.  It is a great work song.
 I think I like this movie more now than when I was a kid! And the extra features on this 2-DVD set are absolutely wonderful. Great interviews with Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, one of the Sherman brothers (songwriter), and the girl who played Jane that really show how special the movie-making process was, which then translated to joy on the screen.  The movie is long for little kids, but my 2-year-old requests "Step in Time and "Jolly Holiday frequently (let's hear it for scene selection!) and dances around the living room with the chimney sweeps!
 Mary Poppins must be one of the loveliest filming produced by Disney studios. This musical movie is extremely well produced and has outstanding actor work. The scenes are of high quality despite the whole story was filmed indoors. Even the little part of London was reproduced in Disney studio. The music from Sherman brothers is world famous and well known. When you hear the first tunes, you might say
 Is there anyone left on the planet who does not know MARY POPPINS?  Made in 1963-1964, after a thirty year battle to convince a very stubborn and possessive P. L.  Travers  to give Walt Disney the rights to her book(s), it may be the Disney Studios' crowning film achievement.  It is a wonderful movie, a flawless blend of live action and animation, with some of the most beautiful and detailed matte paintings in movie history.  Julie Andrews, who won a Best Actress Oscar in her film debut, is the perfect nanny in 1910 Edwardian England to Jane and Michael Banks (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber).  And the movie won four other technical and music Oscars, with a still untopped thirteen total nominations.  With chimney sweep/street artist/best buddy Bert (Dick Van Dyke in peak form), Mary Poppins leads Jane and Michael on many magical adventures.  These include a live-action/animation day in the park ("Supercalifragilisticexpealidocis"), a tea party on a ceiling with Ed Wynn as Uncle Albert, the hauntingly beautiful "Feed the Birds with bird woman Jane Darwell, and the Oscar-winning "Chim-Chim-Curree on the rooftops of London.  (Peter Ellenshaw allegedly did 100 breathtakingly beautiful and detailed matte paintings for this movie, winning a well-deserved visual effects Oscar.  Meanwhile, the Banks family is controlled like clockwork by Mr. Banks (a perfectly cold and stuffy David Tomlinson, who turns 180 degrees over the movie's fast-paced 140 minutes.  (Cotton Warburton won an Editing Oscar.)  Glynis Johns is an ideal and likeable suffragette and feminist Mrs. Banks.  Mr. Banks works in the bank and constantly wants his kids to open a bank account, but they are always off playing with Mary Poppins or  Bert.  MARY POPPINS is a fabulous feast of a movie, with some of the greatest visual effects and most beautiful matte paintings I have ever seen.  The cast is perfection, the writing something that even grouchy Pamela Travers should be pleased with.  And the 40th anniversary restoration on DVD has shimmeringly rich color, crystal-clear image clarity, and awesome 5.1 Home Theatre Mix THX sound to top any theater sound system.  Disk 2 runs over three hours and includes composer Richard Sherman giving us deleted songs that ended up in other Disney animated movies, were cut for sheer length on a movie that runs almost two-and-a-half hours without them, and chats with Julie Andrews and Dick Andrews.  A full hour behind-the-scenes documentary shows how most of the magnificent visual effects were achieved, should you want the illusion spoiled.  We see the battle to get P.L. Travers to let Walt Disney film her precious baby of a novel over three full decades and working over the screenplay to make it all seamless plot-wise.  Finally, we have long lost footage of the Grauman's Chinese Theatre Los Angeles world premiere in August 1964 and various movie trailers for those who want to know how this very magical masterpiece was marketed.  The two-disk 40th anniversary DVD of MARY POPPINS belongs in every house with kids--and kids at  heart.  With it, a hundred filmmaking aspects come together perfectly to create a masterpiece that gets my vote as Walt Disney's crowning film achievement.
 We've all seen it, but when is the last time you went back and `re-watched' it as an adult.  This movie is, in my opinion, quite possibly the greatest movie ever made.  Truly magical, timeless, endlessly entertaining.  It's got songs, dancing, laughing, crying, animation, live action, special effects, great acting (minus Dick Van Dyke's attempted `cockney accent'), and a great story.  What more can be said?  Walt Disney's finest cinematic achievement, at least while he was living, and his most deliberate work of `magic.'
 The Banks family is in need of a new nanny for Jane and Michael. Fortunately, one arrives on the wind in the form of Mary Poppins. She's everything the kids want, fun and magical. But while she's taking them to chalk painting countrysides and tea parties on the ceiling, their father is less then happy. Can he be made to see beyond the end of his nose?  Ok, so this movie is really little more then an excuse for song and dance numbers. It's still great! The plot is paper thin, and you loose site of it in the middle of some of their fantastic scenes. Of course, part of that is because the movie is based on a book that is really nothing but short stories. Still this movie is more about fun then anything else. And it has that in spades. What kid wouldn't have fun imaging that they get to do all the things that Jane and Michael do in this movie?  It's said that Walt Disney poured everything he had learned into making this film, and it shows. Many of the special effects hold up remarkably well today. There were some I still hadn't figured out until watching this special edition. And the music! Any fan of Disney knows these songs by heart. And you can't help but find yourself humming "A Spoonful of Sugar, "Jolly Holiday, "Let's Go Fly a Kite, or "Chim Chim Cher-ee for days after seeing it.  Those wanting to own a great DVD of this film won't be disappointed in this two-disc set. Disc one features the movie in all its wide screen glory. I can't see how it's ever looked better. The soundtrack has many different options, but the Home Theater mix will blow you away. It's fantastic. There is also a commentary track featuring Julie Andrews, Dick van Dyke, Karen Dubice (Jane), and Richard Sherman. Sprinkled in are archive comments from others, including Disney himself. Also included are some pop up facts to read along with while watching the movie. Disc two features a new documentary on the film, a deleted song, and more on the music with Julie, Dick, and the composers. And be sure to check out the animated "The Cat That Looked at a King, a tale adapted from one of the later books in the series.  One thing that comes through loud and clear in this set is how much fun everyone had making it and how much they respect Walt Disney. The fact that this film has lasted 40 years is testament to his genius. With this set, it'll be enjoyed by generations to come.
 Out of all the new movies and violence out there today I was shocked beyond belief when all 3 of my kids (10, 7 and 4) sat through this, not once but 4, and watched the entire movie!!! I guess there is good reason it's a classic Disney film.
 "Mary Poppins is one of those classic musicals that you probably loved as a kid, then think you outgrew- until you show it to your own kids (or yourself) and happily sing along. That's what I found on viewing this Disney masterpiece for the first time in decades. The fabulous Julie Andrews- already a Broadway/ West End star, and here an Oscar winner right out of the gate- became a beloved institution as the world's most famous nanny. Dick Van Dyke was already a huge TV star before he shined here as Bert the chimney sweep/sidewalk artist/one-man band, weird Noo Yawk-cockney accent and all. A host of Brits both veteran (foppish David Tomlinson and vibrant Glynis Johns) and young (the button-cute Karen Dotrice and the late Matthew Garber) fill out the excellent cast, probably the best in any live-action Disney movie before or since. Look for Van Dyke in his Rip Van Winkle getup, too, as what his old boss Carl Reiner might have called "the 2000-year-old bank president".    The Sherman brothers would score many more Disney and related family movies, but never came close to the joy of this one. With its distinctive Olde English lilt (music-hall, military marches, Gilbert and Sullivan), the music did a huge part to make "Mary Poppins the treasure it is
 One of the best children's movies of all time, "Mary Poppins is one of Walt Disney's finest accomplishments. When he paired an up-and-coming young actress (Julie Andrews) with an established, bankable, and enthusiastic star (Dick Van Dyke), Disney struck cinematic gold.  "Mary Poppins compares favorably with even the best childrens' fare of the last 40 years, and is just as enjoyable for older family members. Never preachy or saccharine, the movie can be enjoyed again and again.  Everyone who loves movies should own this 2-DVD set, packed with extras. There are absolutely no flaws to be seen, and the extras are top-notch. If you are on the fence about purchasing this movie, go ahead and order it from Amazon right away, with full confidence.  Five stars!
 Come along now, children, let's read this review. No straggling now. There you go.  I must have only seen "Mary Poppins when I was a little kid because I only barely remembered the movie when I was watching it and definitely didn't remember the plot. Definitely an experience worth having, whether you've seen it once, or many, many times.  The basic plot is that two kids have been a real terror to their nannies, but not so much out of meanness as the nannies' domineering personalities. They draw up a list of their needs for a nanny and when the wind changes, Mary Poppins comes, despite their tight-laced fathers' wishes. They're soon off on fantastical adventures that may just change the lifestyle of their entire family! This movie makes important comments about suffrage, structure, and just finding the joy in life. It's supercalifragilisticexpealidocious! (And I didn't even have to look that up!)  The movie is presented in wide-screen with fully-restored, bright and colorful animation and practically perfect sound. There's also both a subtitle and a close-caption track, although oddly these differ greatly in what they do and don't pick up on. I ended up keeping on both.  Like other recent Disney Platinum releases, this DVD contains a wealth of special features that will help you to enjoy the movie more. Chief among them is a great deleted song. You also get a complete making-of feature, a look at the movie magic, a game, promo posters and trailers and many other simply delightful goodies.  Like the "Aladdin release, this release is loaded with both a commentary track and pop-up fun-facts. If you actually decide to watch all of this stuff, you'll end up having seen the film at least three times by the time you're done!  So what are you waiting for? Go off now and buy this! Spit-spot!
 When I was a little kid, I couldn't get this film at all, but when I heard many positive reviews of this film, some saying that it was the best Disney film ever, I decided to give it another shot. So, I bought the DVD, and now, it's starting to grow on me! I now fully agree that this is the best Disney film I've seen! It's no wonder this film won 5 Academy Awards! Songs like "Chim Chim Cher-ee "Spoonful of Sugar "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious will always get stuck inside your head!  This will always be Julie Andrews best character, no matter how many films she makes. She does a perfect job with Mary Poppins, and yet, she can really sing! No wonder she was that good in Broadway! I believe Walt Disney made a perfect choice to hire Julie Andrews as Mary Poppins!  Dick Van Dyke ROCKS! He's really funnier than ever, playing as Bert, and yet, he's also a great dancer! I really laughed when he laughs in different stages during the scene with Uncle Albert. Another perfect selection made by Walt Disney!  The Special Effects were PERFECT! I've learned that Cherry Tree Lane was actually in the indoor stage, but I thought at first that it took place in London! It's no doubt the best set I've ever seen. Also, I was really surprised when they wanted this to look like a Broadway stage! I really thought they succeeded in doing that when they were doing the song, "Step in Time, which had really perfect energy, and there were no accidents, which really amazed me! I was also impressed that when the Nannies were blew away by a strong wind, and Mary Poppins flying to and from the Banks' house, or all of the Uncle Albert footage, or all the scenes in which they fly, you CAN'T see a SINGLE wire! The fireworks sounds were perfect on the 5.1 mixed edition! I can go on and on, but I'm all out of ideas!  Behind the Scenes and Trailers were a perfect help for the Disc 2 edition. It also has a new short called, "The Cat that Looked at the King. While having an okay title, this short was very good. It would be a shame that it would not win an Oscar.  I give this movie a solid +10/10  I give this DVD a solid +10/10 for having a perfect video and audio presentations! The video was so enchanting, that I couldn't see a single scratch! The audio was amazing, but I'd stick with the 5.1 mix!  Get this DVD for not only the kids, but for the adults too!  I'm sure that everyone around the world will find this movie and this DVD, "SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS!!! Fantastic 2-disc set with all sorts of fun goodies! Especially great are clips from the opening premiere and "deconstructing musical numbers like "Jolly Holiday in which you see how the magic was made in the chalk drawing segment. A must-have for your movie collection!
 Long resistant to film adaptations of her Mary Poppins books, P. L. Travers finally succumbed to the entreaties of Walt Disney, and the result is often considered the finest of Disney's personally supervised films. The Travers stories are bundled together to tell the story of the Edwardian-era British Banks family
 With this new 2-disc release, Disney Studios finally "got it right.  Kudos to the technical specialists who cleaned up the animation sequences and the soundtrack irregularities that have plagued every release of "Mary Poppins ... until now! The 5.1 Surround Mix is superb and the sound engineers have equalized the voices during the songs that contained dialogue that was dubbed into the sequence, so now it is hardly noticeable. The Disney Home Theater Stereo Mix is even better than the original stereophonic theatrical release. It was just thrilling to watch the opening credits and see the actual care and love gone into cleaning up the original artwork.  Here is a Textbook Example of how to digitally restore a movie without destroying it (are you listening, George Lucas?).  A technical note
 The extras on this version are wonderful. The best bonus on it is the backstage look at the making of the movie. Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews, among others, share stories about Walt and their experiences while making the movie. There are some especially touching stories about Walt Disney, and the elderly lady appearing in the song "feed the birds, which happened to be one of Walt's favorite songs.  Another thing I enjoyed on the dvd, is footage from the 1964 gala premiere with some color footage even. There are numerous little facts and stories all throughout the bonus features that are sure to interest fans. Watching this dvd has made me like the movie even more, from realizing all the work that went into making this film. From the live action and animation combinations, to the choreography- Mary Poppins is one fine Disney classic and this is a very well put together dvd.
 ...she's calling to you. In my mind, this movie is the reason why Disney is great.  The rest of them - however good many of them may be - don't hold a candle (on the water) to this wonderful Disney masterpiece.  This is easily my favorite Disney movie ever and one of my favorite movies of all time. One of the things I love most about this movie is the fact that there's plenty of entertainment here for children; but there's also a lot of humor for adults.  So, when the children grow up, they can have just as much, if not more, appreciation for the film.  I love the way the satire starts out.  Mrs. Banks comes home from her Sister Suffragettes Rally, shouting and singing for women's rights and equality with men ("Though we adore men individually, We agree that as a group They're rather stupid."). Then Mr. Banks comes home from work singing about the pleasures of being a man in this age in England
 This is great because it's in widescreen. The images are clear, the colours are bright, and this has the look of a restored version (or at least a good print). The R &amp; R Sherman songs never date and you will find modern children all over England and America singing along to Chim Chim Cheree and A Spoonful Of Sugar just as their parents did. David Tomlinson is both stuffy and loveable as Mr Banks, and Glynis Johns is wonderfully scatty as his wife. The two children are probably the least irritating in cinema history and were something of a casting coup for Disney, when compared with the horrid child actors in most of their output. But it is Dick Van Dyke who makes the film the fun it is. You can imagine, say a Petula Clark or a Diana Rigg as Mary Poppins, but only Van Dyke could play Bert the way he does. Leave aside the dodgy accent, and you're left with a great song and dance man who could carry the film even without the co-stars. The one disappointment is that there aren't any extras on this disc (I don't call scene selection a feature!).
 My mom took me to see this when I was just a lad,  and it was one of the best times that I had ever had.   Last month my wife and I, we watched it with our kids,  and they enjoyed it just as much as we ever did.   Oh, supercalifragilisticexpialidoscious, even though the sound of it....
 So, my daughter has become obsessed with `Mary Poppins'.  She wants to be her.  She watches this movie daily, sings all the songs, draws pictures of her, runs through the house with her umbrella, asks me CONSTANTLY what `supercalifragilisticexpialidocious' means...etc.  Seriously, she is OBSESSED.  Normally, her obsessions ware on me, and I'm sure that in time this one will too, but one thing that has come of this is that I've actually got to sit through the film a few times recently.  Now, I saw `Mary Poppins' years ago, and I've always held it in high regard.  I love Julie Andrews; seriously.  She's one of my favorite actresses and I've always held a special place in my heart for both `Mary Poppins' and `The Sound of Music'; her two most recognizable films.  So, with years behind me, I settled in to watch this film for the first time in a long time and I must say that I was astounded at how well this delightful film holds up.  It's still just as charming and magical as the first day I saw it.  But my oh my, this is a long movie!  Julie Andrews, who snagged an Oscar for her performance in this film, is just all sorts of amazing as the magical nanny who comes along at the right time to spread some joy and bring a family closer together.  The rest of the cast is also delightful, even Dick Van Dyke despite a horribly shaky Cockney accent.  From dazzling set pieces to beautifully composed songs to sharply meshed animated sequences, `Mary Poppins' has so much to offer!  This is a great Anniversary Edition (I know that there has been a 45th released, but this is the one I own and I see no real need to upgrade) with loads of special features to keep you and your little ones occupied.
 I've loved this movie since childhood and was excited to purchase it for Christmas this year for my girls.  The digital quality seems very good, and all the old classic songs are there in crisp sound.  Now my girls are in love with "Miss Mary Poppins as much as I am!  Couldn't be more pleased.
 Every one has so eloquently reviewed this wonderful movie that I can add nothing but my personal little story of the way I felt when I first saw the movie. I went with my mother and her friend and we sat in the balcony of an old movie theater down town. I was 9.  The theater is kind of spooky and I remember being a little unnerved by it.  The movie started and I was absolutely and utterly in love with Julie Andrews from the moment she appeared on the screen.  I remember even attemptling to speak with a british accent after I saw the film.  My mother said at the time how wonderful Dick Van Dyke was and I remember being so mad at  her for saying that--how dare she say anything against "my Julie. But seeing it again as an adult I have to say she was absolutely right. (dont you hate it when you have to admit your mother was right? ) I have heard people vilify Dick Van Dyke for his accent but we have to remember that everyone else was british.  He is so wonderful in this film that it takes my breath away and at the end when he is chastising Mr. Banks and telling him in a nice way that he hasnt made enough time for his children, it always makes me cry.  He was wonderful, SHE was wonderful.  Wonderful movie.
 <a href="http
 "Mary Poppins appeared in movie theaters in 1964.  I remember the movie playing for week after week after week.  I think this was Disney's biggest hit, ever.  I suppose I have seen the movie three or four times since then.  I always enjoy some of the special effects.  The animation scenes were very good when they first appeared, but have aged a little since then.  And, Julie Andrews had a wonderful voice and sang great songs in the film.   In short, a magical nanny swoops in to take care of the Banks children and also helps their father to value them and make time for them. Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) treats the children to adventures with Bert (Dick van Dyke), a street performer/chimney sweep and with her Uncle Albert (Ed Wynn) who loves to laugh. There are excellent songs and dance numbers.  Children still fall in love with this movie.  Adults still like it.  And Julie Andrews' performance still shines.
 When we recently went to see Walt Disney's landmark 1964 musical fantasy transformed into a Broadway musical, I approached it much the same as when I first saw "Superman the Movie in 1978. The earlier version was such a part of so many lives it seemed inconceivable that anyone could make it work as a live musical.  Superman managed to succeed beyond expectations, and so does "Mary Poppins on Broadway. The movie and the show are related yet compliment each other. Not an easy task.  How this was accomplished is chronicled in a new documentary on the new two-disc "Mary Poppins 45th Anniversary Edition DVD.  The original stage stars, Ashley Brown (who knew she wasn't really English?) and Gavin Lee discuss the process from audition to production, along with the talented artists who brought Poppins alive on stage.  Well worth the DVD set alone is the ENTIRE "Step in Time show-stopper filmed right from the stage, complete with one of the most talked about marvels in the show
 I saw Mary Poppins when it was first released in 1964 and even after all these years, the movie never fails to enchant and entertain, boasting the academy-award winning debut of Julie Andrews as the practically perfect, nay, perfect Mary and Dick Van Dyke as Bert the jack-of-all-trades is also superb, even though his cockney accent comes and goes at whim.  His last occupation as a chimney sweep leads to "Chim Chim Cheree as a march across the rooftops of London by he and Mary with the children Jane and Michael as tag-alongs seques into a platoon of sweeps singing and dancing "Step in Time"led by Bert in one of the longest dance sequences in the history of cinema.  P.L. Travers the author of the original stories was somewhat dismayed(to say the least) at the Disneyfication of her somewhat somber and dark tales---but the lighter touch is much preferred over the somewhat dreary production. now trodding the boards on Broadway and London.  The movie is brimming with many brilliant set-peices including the extended "Jolly Holiday sequence which seamlessly blends cartoon characters with Mary, Bert and the children featuring the nonsense song "Supercali....etc".  Another standout sequence is "Feed the Birds the prettiest song in the score.  Glynnis Johns as the dizzy Mrs Banks, "Sister Suffragate is adorable and David Tomlinson as the appropriately stuffy Mr Banks who has a somewhat pedantic view on how to run a household,wife and children until Bert, not Mary shows him the error of his ways.  To be sure Mary Poppins has its flaws.  Sometimes it tends to be precious(the children)and sweet(the children) but not sweet enough to bring cavities but all in all, Mary Poppins is still fresh and bright after 45 years and 45 years from now when most of us reading this will be memories, Mary Poppins will still be here to enchant and entertain. This review is dedicated to my friend Jason.
 Released in `64 `Mary Poppins' is without question one of the most beloved movies in Disney's vast vault of wonderful family film classics. I was twelve years old when `Mary Poppins' made its theatrical debut and I must admit that I immediately fell madly in love with Julie Andrews. Obviously I wasn't the only one considering the fact that Julie Andrews won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of the magical nanny.  This film is what family entertainment is all about; singing, dancing, cute kids, attractive nurturing adults, a zany but lovable character here and there and a heavy dose of enchantment and childish wonder. This is definitely a keeper by all means.
 We here at home love this 40th anniversary edition of the film, Mary Poppins! It is spectacular! I adored the books when I was a child. My older sons loved the original Disney movie on video, and this DVD is being watched with the greatest delight by my younger children! With good reason! Even though this is an extremely long movie by present standards, it moves right along, is packed with fantastic, classic songs, amusing scenes, and even touching, poignant parts which will move you, zinging straight to your heart. Julie Andrews, who rightfully won an Oscar for her role as the magical nanny who appears at "just the right moment at the door of the discombobulated British Banks' family's household, teaches the children and their parents as well a thing or two about how to live properly. It's complicated to say what "living properly means, exactly, unless you watch the movie...It has much to do with having fun as you do things you ought to be doing. It has to do with caring for other people's feelings, and also for taking a day off when you are least expecting to and having a fantastic adventure! The songs "Spoonful of Sugar",  Let's Go Fly a Kite", "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", "Feed the Birds, and Chim-Chimminee are all so famous and so beloved it is quit easy to call up their tunes at a moment's notice, I expect.  If you haven't heard them lately, I suggest you get a copy of this really well done 40th anniversary edition and relive the first time, or times, you saw this movie. It is touching, and charming. Dick Van Dyke is fantastic as the appealing foil to Julie Andrews' character. You can tell Mary Poppins  adores him in his character (Bert, the chimney sweep) but must maintain her ladylike character -- it is truly sweet. Another charming and superbly played  part is that of Ed Wynn's in the scene which includes the song "I Love to Laugh". That is a great scene in every way! Incredible!  The children and their family are beautifully cast; the ups and downs are believable, and easily coax you into caring about the plot. The movie is extremely well rounded. There is dancing, singing, and fantasy galore.  I cannot recommend this 40th anniversay version of Mary Poppins highly enough. I don't care how old you are! You will love this movie!
 This movie is also a classic great for the entire family.  It can change an Adult into a kid and make a kid into a great Adult.  It places values on family that lack in the upbringing in moral fiber these days and teaches values that a nanny rarely teaches our current children of today with the exception of hola due to parents working there children's lives away in pursuit of money and Capitalism.  So please sit down with your own family and cherish feeding the birds or going to fly a kite or spending time with them before time spends you.
 Excellent quality.  I also own a video tape of this movie and the clarity of the DVD is remarkable in comparison.  Special features are fun too.  I ordered it because my granddaughter loves this movie so much she has practically worn out the tape.  It is a fun movie and I am enjoying it again as much as I did when my daughter was young.
 I love this movie, and now it is my three-year-old daughters' favorite too!
 My kids love it!  The best part is that my wife and I can watch it with them, and we enjoy it too.  Thanks Julie Andrews!
 As a teacher and a relatively new resident to Tulsa, I am struck by how segregated this town is.  I first learned about the history of the race riot when reading up on my new hometown.  As I got to know people living here and learned how "swept under the rug this event has been over many decades, it became clear just how important this event was in defining subsequent race relations in the city.  This film tells that story with clarity, focusing not just on the accounts of the events from 90 years ago, but looking at the continued contemporary impact of the riot on today's very segregated city.  My five-star rating is based on the powerful message that this film conveys - that events from the past, particularly those that are violent or oppressive (and most likely to be intentionally obscured), shape the present in ways that may be uncomfortable to confront.  Tulsa's race relations and continual segregation are still realizing the effects of this event from nine decades ago.  Some viewers undoubtedly will critique the argument presented by some interviewees in the film in favor of reparations.  While that is a complicated and controversial topic (How can those of us who have inherited a system created by an oppressive past make it right for the present and the future?), the fact that these filmmakers ask such a challenging and complex question is even more reason for all Tulsans to watch this film.  Consider the facts of our current situation (one need only consult a map of census data to see how black and white this city is) and the available facts about the race riot (which, while fuzzy on some accounts, include indisputable primary source photographs and documents of the absolute annihilation of the black community by an angry mob of whites).  The questions that naturally arise from consideration of these facts are ones that these filmmakers are unafraid to ask.
 This video is awesome. New Hot talented artists performs hip-hop, r&B, and reggae at a club in North Carolina tears up the stage. There are interviews with Fayetteville's top radio station Disk Jockeys and much more. I love The Spot Review show! It's like a breath of fresh air. If you are tired of seeing the same faces in the music industry on TV, you need to check out this show.
 This particular detective series stands above the slew of whodunnits. There's only one other detective series in its class that comes to mind - and that is the Sherlock Holmes series which starred the wonderful Jeremy Brett. There's something terribly interesting about the relationship between Lynley and Havers. It's always strictly platonic and professional, and yet, it's something more....a friendship. I affectionately refer to Havers as Lynleys' 'work spouse'. Those familiar with the series, and newcomers, will find that to some extent this is true. Friendship aside, there is much hard core detective work in this series. I enjoy Lynley and Havers brainstorming sessions and even their arguments, which can be scathing. I have to mention a word about the actor Sharon Small. It needs to be stated that Ms. Small fits so seamlessly into the role of Havers, its almost unbelievable. Overall, this is a high quality and very entertaining detective series which only comes along once in awhile.
 This series is great. The acting is great. The stories are great, even the two not based on Elizabeth George's books are great. The funny thing is that the books are so complex that you can watch the show and then read the book and not all be spoiled because they are so different, but they are both so good. My only complaint is that the sound on BBC productions consistantly sucks. How can their be an entire country with bad sound production? But I can't blame the DVDs because it's been like that on every British show I've ever seen via DVD or BBC America.
 the best of the detective series and a must for your own cllection dvds
 I was hoping that another set was being made after I finished Set 2. I finished Set 3 and am anxiously awaiting a Set 4. The last episode just left me hanging. I like the mysteries that are being solved, but the interaction between Insp. Lynley and Sgt. Havers is very interesting. I have introduced the series to a few friends and they are enjoying them immensely!
 I have not read the Elizabeth George books, but as a big fan of PBS's Mystery! the Inspector Lynley mysteries are among my favorite.  Although these mysteries are set in the present day, the beautiful English countryside and the nature of the characters will inspire a familiar fondness for those of us who grew up reading Miss Marple and Sherlock Holmes.  Season 3 brings additional depth to the characters of Lynley and Havers.  Nathaniel Parker and Sharon Smalls are perfectly cast, and the relationship of their characters keeps many viewers tuned in.  Overall I preferred the stories in season 3 to some of those in season 2; however, it is useful to view the series in order.  My main complaint with these episodes is that we only get 4 of them in a season.
 "The Inspector Lynley Mysteries Set 3 picks up where Set 2 left off, with working class Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers demoted to Constable for assaulting a police superior, while her aristocratic partner Inspector Thomas Lynley struggles to balance work, marriage, and the pending birth of his first child.  Lynley and Havers have grown into an instinctive and highly effective parternship.  A subtle and unspoken emotional dependence on each other complicates their work together but carries them through the challenge of the four tough murder mysteries in this series.  "In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner takes Lynley to the North of England to investigate the murder of the daughter of a retired vice cop.  An excess of suspects gives Lynley an excuse to summon the deskbound Havers to assist.  The murder victim turns out to have a hidden life and a number of enemies.  Havers and Lynley will pursue parallel trails of clues to a surprising finish.  "A Traitor To Memory focuses on the murder of the long-missing mother of a world class violinist suddenly struck with stage fright.  In addition to the challenge of the case itself, Lynley suspects a possible coverup by his boss DSI Webberly and fears a disgruntled Havers' resignation from the police force.  The two detectives will unravel a long and complicated mystery dating from a murder ten years earlier to find a surprising killer.  "A Cry For Justice features a suicide that wasn't, a philanthropist with a bare knuckles approach to life, and a social club that isn't.  Havers, newly returned to Sergeant rank, promptly runs off on a undercover role, leaving Lynley to work the public side of the case while worrying about her safety.  The answers they seek are wound around a shocking conspiracy, an adopted child, and a shop girl with a secret.  "If Wishes were Horses begins with the murder of a noted criminal profiler.  There are plenty of suspects, between the profiler's criminal cases and a collection of ex-wives and girlfriends.  Also implicated in the case is Helen, a former protege and now Lynley's very pregnant wife.  As additional corpses pile up, Havers and Lynley race to find the killer or killers.  In a stunning conclusion, tragedy will strike at the three people most dear to Lynley.  "Inspector Lynley Mysteries Set 3 is very highly recommeded to fans of the series.  It features four intriguing murder mysteries that will keep the viewer guessing, while Lynley and Havers work through an unusual burden of personal challenges to solve the cases.
 I have just received this one and it is just as good as the other 2 sets. His lady partner always gives him a different way at looking at the crime. Really do enjoy them  What I like most about British Mysteries, they don't have much violence and the violent language as the American shows have.  The are really different and  hope the British mysteries stay that way.
 i enjoy the Lynley mysteries so much. the stories include the case itself and then insight into the main charaters lives. i love the interaction between lynley and havers. i think they do truly enjoy each others company even though they are from different backgrounds. i so enjoy watching them play off of each other. i always find myself feeling for the two of them. one thing i really appreciate about lynley is that, when he does lose his temper or say something harsh, he always goes back at sometime and apologizes for his words. now there is a great man!
 This superb "Murder/Mystery series continues to delight me in every way especially with its two main characters.  As stated before in my review of Series Two of this Murder/mystery, I'm besotted with the character of Barbara Havers as played by Sharon Small.  I really feel that her character "matured wonderfully in Series Three exhibiting much of her "strength therein-she is more than willing to "stand-up to the powerful men that are "running the show in other words her bosses or those that consider themselves her "betters".  Continuing where Series Two left-off with Havers having suffered the unjustified and humiliating demotion to merely "a cop on the beat she really proves that she is made of "tough stuff helping upper-class Lynley (who, to me is, at first in this series,  sickeningly tolerant towards Havers while at the same time, rather condescending towards her) to solve some mysteries with her "of common folk intelligence playing a vital part in resolving the cases and showing Lynley that he needs her in more ways than one (to me that also includes romantically which, of course, still remains hidden). She certainly, on a few occasions verbally "lets him have it"!  In most of the instances, it's good that she is there because Lynley is having troubles "on the home front with that bore of a wife that he's so in love with-I'll never understand the attraction!  However, their relationship (or lack thereof) with all of its ramifications adds "interest to the program (if nothing else but confirming the saying "love is blind This is very evident in Series Three.  There's a pregnancy that I don't think Lynley is too happy about with the bore of a wife not too happy with his reaction). The two main characters of this series are a wonderful duo and the writers have allowed in Series Three them to somewhat meld naturally (while maintaining their fierce independence) with the characters changing in a most natural way. Especially in Series Three, it's a good thing for Lynley that Havers is around.  When a case hits too close to his home, Lynley almost loses it with Havers really proving her "worth".  Havers in series three has become a little more of a "lady while Lynley is less of a "dandy".  However, the "class thing is still very much evident which adds just the right amount of "spice to the series.  The "class status of the characters (Lynley's upper class and Havers "working class") was very evident in the third disc episode "A Cry for Justice with both of their sensibilities needed in order to solve the murder/mystery.  That was just one of the four outstanding shows in Series Three.  All are great!  I'm really looking forward to more series from this murder/mystery show-I love it!
 Again, I love the series and truly enjoyed every episode, which is why I purchased the entire series. I highly recommend the series for any fan of mysteries, especially British ones. Intelligent dialogue, scenic locations and the developing respect and admiration between the two lead characters make this a show worth viewing. Again, the four episodes contain a mix of darkness and wry humor. Again, Series 3 does an excellent job of continuing where Series 2 ended. It's been said that the book series author wasn't particularly pleased with the casting Sharon Small. I haven't read the books yet, but I find Small to have been an excellent choice. She portrays the working-class detective without difficulty; a believable portrayal. Its nice to see that the British are just as conniving, crooked, selfless and rotten as their friends across the pond, more so in all the episodes of the series. In this series, there are scenes in which the viewer may grow to hate Lynley. I know I did. There are times he bullies Havers and treats her like dirt. Sure, he suffers a personal crisis just before, but that's no excuse, especially since she had saved his life in the series before. We also see Havers get shot and wonder what is her fate? If you enjoyed the previous series, or in British television, especially crime drama, don't hesitate to add this to our collection.
 A critical season in a fine series.  However, the disks are not numbered and don't come ordered in the bos.  View them in the following sequence
 You don't know a good mystery until you have seen the Inspector Lynley Series.  My mother is a mystery book fanatic and got me hooked on these movies a few years ago - I can't seem to get enough now.  This series is based off of the James mystery novels.  They keep your mind constantly guessing "who dunnit"?
 The Inspector Lynley mysteries are one of those series that get better each time.  I especially enjoyed the fact that it is a bit more intelligent than the run of the mill shoot em up blood and guts type that seem to be prevalent these days.  Anyone who liked Inspector Morse, Lewis or a Touch of Frost would also enjoy this.
 The Series actually gets better with each set.  The mysteries are engrossing, and the performances of the actors are always excellent.  We were so disappointed to be stopped at #5, at least for now!  All 5 series well worth watching.
 I think the movie takes place in New York.  Robert Duvell does NOT star in the movie - he is either the director or producer or both.  He found real Gypsies to play most of the parts and they helped him with the story line.  The story has a plot that lets you in on different facets of Gypsy life - some are accurate - some exaggerated to make an entertaining movie. When I saw it in Chicago it was obvious that there were many, many Gypsies in the audience.  How Duvell got the Gypsies to act in the movie and tell him about some of their cultural customs is amazing.  Peter Maas wrote about Gypsies in his book King of the Gypsies and found out later that the information he researched was mostly wrong. The Gypsies do not like to reveal much about their culture to non-gypsies and keep a low profile.  I feel this movie should be put on DVD because there is a good chance that the Roma (gypsies) will never act in a movie again as themselves.  The movie moves along nicely, never drags things out, and really is a lot of fun, but some of the customs might be  outdated  by this time.
 It is inconceivable to me that this film has been so forgotten as it has - plus, IT IS NOT EVEN ON WIDESCREEN DVD. Come on Mr. DuVall (or whoever is responsible for this). Let's get this great film on DVD and get it the public reminded of it again. I won't rehash what it is about
 After traveling to Italy three times, I had to have my 'fix' of sites and sounds. I previously have purchased "Visions of Italy that, while good, only offered overhead shots. Magnificent Italia takes you right into the middle of the smallest of Italian cities up to the Eternal City, Rome. It is really well produced, with just enough 'facts' to compliment the beautiful imagery on the tv. There are 12 episodes, each around an hour covering a different region in Italy.  These blurays are three times the length, half the price, and double the quality of the "Visions of Italy blurays.
 Eleven hours of beautiful video, covering 100's of cities, including Naples, Rome and Genoa as well as small medieval hilltop villages. Many church festivals show the interesting culture and colorful heritage of these towns. Approximately half of the eleven hours is street level and interior views of churches, museums, craft shops and wineries, where method and history is discussed by craftsman or experts. The chapters of the Italian alps and aerial night scenes of some of the major cities are especially breathtaking. The music is outstanding as is the extremely clear narration and excellent script. There are 24 separate chapters, which can be played separately or all at once. The video quality is generally suberb, although there are two chapters where some of the aerial video panning is jittery or jerky. There are no chapters on Venice, Palermo or Messina. This video was produced by Italians for Italians who are interested in touring the back roads of their great country. At $1.00 per hour, this has got to be the one of the greatest bargains of all time.
 This was a great series. The cinematography was so beautiful and the architecture of Italy is a living masterpiece. I was really impressed at just how many houses look just like they haven't changed in centuries. The house built on cliff edges  and on the tops of hills... Look like something from a medieval tapestry.  The narration is easy to listen to and the topics kept mainstream enough to hold everyone's interest.
 If you have been to Italy or you just can't afford the trip watch this blu-ray its brilliant. It covers the whole of the Italian Peninsula with high definition camera work and an excellent commentary. After watching this you will feel like you have travelled the length and breadth of the country. Well worth the cost for an arm chair travelogue as good as this. <a href="http
 There is SO much material on this disk. Has a very pleasant "PBS type feel. Very evocative. It's the sort of disk I like putting on when I'm preparing dinner. Great for stimulation, great for the armchair traveler -- plus you learn something too! CHE BELLA!
 WHAT A TREAT . I REALLY DID GO THROUGH ITALY IN STUNNING BLU-RAY.  DIVINE54   ALL THE VILLAGES, THE OCEANS, THE VINEYARDS ON THE HILLS, THE INTERIOR OF CHURCHES. THE PEOPLE.   WOW.
 If you got a new HD tv and or blu ray player and wondering what to get to show it off. definatly get this. Expecally if you are a fan of traveling or just pretty scenery features a wonderful walk through of italy with over 11 hours of content.  and unlike another simular (but much shorter) video this one mixes things up with not just showing birds eye views but including up close videos of local areas like churches,  animal widelife, and such to really present you a full overview of the country.  Wonderful video quality and great narration as well.  Makes you want to come back for more!
 GOOD DVD! WELL DONE. BEEN TO ITALY SIX TIMES AND STILL A LOT I HAVEN'T SEEN. THE DVD WILL GIVE YOU AN INFORMATIVE REVIEW OF ALL OF ITALY.
 This DVD is a "must for all opera's lovers. I'm grateful to the people who recorded this performance, allowing us to hear and see such wonderful voices of the past. Very moving Fiorenza Cossoto's interpretation of the aria "O mio Fernando and  Alfred Kraus's "Favorita del re". Also,  the "finale of the second act is remarkable, when the main voices are mixed with those of the chorus. The image is sometimes a little dark, but that doesn't reduce the pleasure of watching this jewel from the past.  S&iacute;lvia Costa.
 This performance of "La Favorita is, as far as I know, the ONLY one available on video.  I gave it 5 stars, despite some obvious flaws already mentioned by other reviewers, because it is a wonderful production of a much overlooked and underrated Donizetti opera.  The video is somewhat grainy, but my copy does not have the watery green effect others have mentioned. (Clips of it on You Tube are decidedly GREEN!) I don't know if I got a better DVD or if the color is just better on my machine. I do know this...it doesn't have those annoying burned-in Japanese subtitles evident in so many operas VAI has mined from performances in Japan! The audio, while  not exceptional, is perfectly acceptable.  Loved the story and found it easy to follow...although, why the Catholic monk/prior (Baldassare) would have a son and daughter was a bit of a mystery.  The best part, of course, was the singing, although I didn't find the acting too shabby either. I think Alfredo Kraus's singing and acting could best be described as "elegant. What a performance; absolute perfection from beginning to end. He sang like a god and moved with the grace of a dancer. He was the quintessential Fernando in this production.  As for Fiorenza Cossotto, she was a glamorous and thrilling Leonora; she just nailed the role. (Okay, I admit it...I love her.) Yes, she did break character in Act III after hitting her high note in "Scritto e in cielo mio dolor! But, she did get a thunderous 3 minute ovation from the audience and, being Fiorenza, she just couldn't resist basking in the glory! Well, she did try...a little.  Personally, I loved the moment, but I've already admitted my bias and I don't expect others to agree.  Ruggero Raimondi was a majestic Baldassarre, convincingly aged for the role as I think he was fairly young in this production. An exceptional performance, beautifully sung and acted.  Unfortunately, this was not one of Sesto Bruscantini's best performances. As King Alfonso, he was on pretty shaky ground until he got his footing toward the middle of the opera. He's a pretty impressive baritone, so perhaps he was ailing or just having an off-night.  This performance, warts and all, is well worth purchasing and I highly recommend it. If you've never seen "La Favorita, this may be your only opportunity.
 I love Kraus and Cossotto.  They are both dynamite singers in this video.  Cossotto is a bit heavily made-up and her acting is a bit plastic, but her singing is wonderful.  Kraus always pleases me with his general class and finesse, even physically.  I am also a big fan of Bruscantini, but I will admit, I didn't think this is the best presentation of his work.  His Italian style is wonderful, but his voice and manner seem a bit gruff for this role.  I have a few recordings of him where he is very good up to even magnificent, but perhaps this particular music is asking too much fluidity for his voice.  Still, he was a thoroughly professional singer and enjoyable enough in this video.  It's really fun to get some of these older, live performances of great singers, many now deceased, and relive their artistry, seeing them, whilst hearing them.  The sound is good in this recording and I play it often.
 Sometimes one forgets the great singers of but a few years ago.  This 1971 performance recording, made in Tokyo, though visually a bit dark, is acoustically sparkling with the singers' joy with Donizetti's music.  He  would surely loudly applaud this effort.  Both Fiorenza Cossotto and Alfredo Kraus are at their peak.  To say nothing of Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi in supporting roles.  This opera, unfortunately, is often overlooked for the better known Donizetti works.  Well worth enjoying as the music is grand, the arias are among his finest and the ballet a treat to see.
 I bought this movie because I remembered seeing it 22 years ago when I was in junior high school...(Wait..it's been 22 years already??? Yikes!)....My friend and I rented this movie over and over and had it totally memorized.  It scared us half to death.  I could not believe I found it again, so I bought it.  I admit that it was not as scary as it used to seem when I was younger, but keeping in mind that the movie is really old, I still have to say that it's impressive.  The acting isn't the best in the world, but the plot is weird, and the music is creepy!  What I noticed after seeing it again after 22 years is that a lot of scary movies that later made it BIG (such as Friday the 13th and Amityville Horror) seemed to  copy  techniques from this movie.  I wonder if some of the same people were involved in making the movies.  The movie isn't TOO gory to show to older children, except for two parts.  One part shows a little too much skin (briefly) and a couple of other parts are fairly suggestive.  A couple of ways that the people get killed are pretty funny.  I feel kind of bad to bust out laughing when somebody gets killed in a movie, but it's only a movie.  I gave this movie 5 stars because I think it was good for its time.  If you like creepy old movies, you'll probably like this.
 This movie will give you nightmares! It is awesome! Usually I would say watch it alone in the dark BUT DO NOT WATCH IT ALONE! This movie is pretty hard to find these days too and sort of pricey. It needs to be re-released on DVD.
 Contrary to a previous post, The World is Not Enough will not be included in the 3rd gift set. Rather, this 2nd gift set will include an empty space for The World is Not Enough DVD, which will only be sold seperately. An  explanation
 The groundbreaking DR. NO is one of the best James Bond films of the series. Sean Connery's performance is that of the no-nonsense dedicated civil servant entrusted with a "licence-to-kill when he chooses, where he chooses and whom he chooses. His screen presence alone conveys the physical, intellectual and moral conviction of the character. Connery's portrayal in this film directed by Terence Young seems closer to the literary James Bond created by Ian Fleming. Many elements that distinguish the James Bond series were introduced in this film. The opening gun barrel trademark, "The James Bond Theme, M played by Bernard Lee, Miss Moneypenny played by Lois Maxwell, Ken Adam's distinctive melding of modern and futuristic production designs, Maurice Binder's unique main titles, the "Martinis shaken not stirred, exotic locales, just to name a few are all here. Bond is sent to Jamaica, land of the Undertakers Wind, to investigate the elimination of British field agents and strange signals that have been interfering with the American space program. Joseph Wiseman as DR. NO is one of the best villains of the series. His steel mono-toned performance is eerily unsettling. Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder leaves the most indelible image of the series as she emerges erotically from the blue waters of the Caribbean clad in her white bikini. Along with Felix Leiter and Quarrel, Bond must uncover the trail that all leads to DR. NO's mysterious Crab Key. ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE is the one film closest to any of Ian Fleming's Bond novels. George Lazenby, possessing the physique and physical attributes that fit the role, gives a visually striking and straightforward performance in his only appearance as James Bond. The combined efforts of all the filmmakers and Lazenby's performance of a James Bond with conviction, assuredness and determination make this the definitive James Bond film. The film has a sense of undeniable drive behind it accentuated by Lazenby's no-nonsense approach and the urgency of John Barry's instrumental theme used repeatedly to never let up the pace. If James Bond was ever the dedicated civil servant it is ever so evident in this film. There are intensely choreographed fights of great ferocity, exciting and incredible ski chases, car chases, an alpine battle atop an ice-capped peak and an extraordinary thrilling bobsled chase. There is more action, suspense and emotion packed into this film than any other in the series and Lazenby's hard edged performance, Peter Hunt's direction and John Barry's driving score make it all work. ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE is possibly the best film of the series. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN contains one of Roger Moore's best performances as James Bond as he injects Bond's virility, worldliness and sardonic wit back into the character in his second appearance as Bond. Christopher Lee's performance as the enigmatic Scaramanga is refreshingly energetic giving the assassin an amiable quality on the surface hiding a darker side beneath. An often-overlooked asset to this film is Maud Adams' performance as Andrea, Scaramanga's beautiful mistress. She brings genuine compassion to the role as the tormented individual who can not escape her master. There is also great location cinematography in this film. We see Bond at the gambling tables at the Casino de Macaoand and witness his solo flight through the uprooted rock formations near Phuket, Thailand to Scaramanga's island. One bit of innovation combing location filming, miniatures and set design was the use of the half-submerged Queen Elizabeth, its hull at a 30-degree angle, scorched and rusted at rest in Hong Kong harbor. Hidden in the bowels of the sunken ship is the headquarters for the Hong Kong station of the British Secret Service. "It's the only place in Hong Kong where you can't be bugged says a naval officer to Bond. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN contains martial arts sequences, an imaginative car chase and some very witty dialogue. The music soundtrack by John Barry was re-mastered in stereo. THE SPY WHO LOVED ME is a big-budgeted opulent film with effective screenplay and editing delivering one of the most succinctly structured films of the series. Roger Moore clearly redefined his approach to the role as the good-natured British agent. His Bond is suave, debonair, never condescending and resorts to seriousness only when confronted with malevolence. That was the way he played it for the rest of the series.  The globetrotting THE SPY WHO LOVED ME featured a gadget laden Lotus Esprit as its centerpiece and a maniacal villain Stromberg whose immense wealth featured an aquatic empire aimed at global domination. Great action sequences and chases abound. MOONRAKER is one of the biggest films of the entire series. Once again Bond is on the trail of another maniacal villain, Hugo Drax, whose immense wealth has financed the research and production of the space shuttle program. This is also another globetrotting epic that features gorgeous location work in Venice and Rio de Janeiro bringing out the of essence of these exquisite cities. Following his work on THE SPY WHO LOVED ME, production designer Ken Adam returned with some sets reminiscent of the earlier Bond films as well as some completely innovative sets for Drax's space empire. MOONRAKER plays like a compendium of the entire series running the gamut from the serious to the fanciful. MOONRAKER contains many elements to please the diverse tastes of the millions of Bond fans. That is the magic of MOONRAKER. There is incredible action in this film. The free-fall sequence is one of the best pre-title sequences of the series. The boat chase in the South American jungle is truly thrilling. Bond's fight in the Venetian glass museum is a classic. John Barry's score is exquisite and moving, one of his most unique. The dialogue by Christopher Wood is witty and intelligent. MOONRAKER has it all. This Volume demonstrates the versatility and diversity of the world of James Bond.
 Like the first James Bond gift set, I enjoyed the features of the DVD's in this, the second gift set.  However, there was one problem I ran into that turned out to be more of a headache than it should have been.  In the DVD   The Man With The Golden Gun , it seems that tracks 21 and 22  will not play on certain DVD players (of which mine is one of them).  I  didn't find this out until I had tried three different sets.  Kudos go to  Amazon's customer service department for supplying me with multiple sets to  try and fix the problem.  Unfortunately, they weren't able to, but it seems  that MGM has come up with a solution.  If you have a problem viewing   The Man with the Golden Gun , you should contact MGM Customer  Service at 1-877-MGM-4YOU for assistance.  Other than that, the set is  great!
 This collection includes various Bond movies from four of the actors that have played James Bond in the "official Bond movies, which excludes "Never Say Never Again.  My only complaint about the three collections is that the movies are not in order.  I have all three sets because I like Bond rather than wanting all the Bond movies by one of the three actors.  However, you have to take them as you can get them sometimes.  Each of the movies in this collection is a "special edition, which is a fancy name for DVDs that include extras that range in value from high to low.  I have been very fascinated with some of the commentaries (those by Terence Young were very fascinating) and some of the features just seemed like filler.  However, what I found interesting other may not, and vice versa.  Rather than listing all the extras, a list of which is available, I will discuss the movies briefly.  "From Russia with Love is one of the best of the Bond movies, and is the best in some people's opinions.  This follow-up to "Dr. No introduced us to Desmond Llewelyn as Q, gadgets, multiple exotic locales, more tongue-in-cheek, a bigger variety of vehicles, and ever more Bond women.  The production values and budget were higher than for "Dr. No, and the action and plotting were outstanding.  This movie is a gem in this collection.  The fifth movie in the Bond series is the second entry in this collection.  "You Only Live Twice had even more gadgets, more exotic locations, and more jokes.  Someone is hijacking Soviet and American spacecraft and no one knows why.  After one of the best opening credits where Nancy Sinatra sings the title song, we enter one of the weaker entries in the Bond series.  There is too much reliance on gadgets and women and too little reliance on a serious plot.  I also struggled to believe Donald Pleasance as the evil Dr. Blofeld.  Sean Connery's final official Bond film was "Diamonds Are Forever.  This time Dr. Blofeld has a plot to steal diamonds for a satellite that then become part of a laser-like device.  He then plans on blackmailing governments for obscene amounts of money or he will destroy their weapons.  This movie inspires either loathing or love.  I like it, but then again I am a science fiction movie fan, and the gadgets and science fiction subplot are geek cool.  The next movie in this collection is one of Moore's worst, "Moonraker.  The producers of Bond wanted to capitalize on the public's interest in science fiction movies sparked by "Star Wars.  However, this movie is no where close to "Star Wars, and the spaceship effects are relatively cheesy.  However, the space station is reasonably well done.  This time madman Hugo Drax (Michael Lonsdale) plans to park his chosen people on a space station while he eliminates all people on earth.  His chosen people will then repopulate the earth with their perfection.  Drax is a suitable madman for Bond.  The popular character Jaws (Richard Kiel) appears again in this movie.  Unfortunately, Moore appears generally bored with this one and this movie just never sparks.  The next movie in this collection is one of the best in the series, and one of Roger Moore's best.  "For Your Eyes Only has one of the best spy plots with everyone after an A.T.A.C. system that went down with a British spy ship.  Julian Glover as Aristotle Kristatos is as coldly evil as any Bond villain, and Carole Bouquet as Bond girl Melina Havelock is beautiful and capable of revenge.  Topol as semi-good guy Columbo is wonderful.  The only point where the movie is weak is the inclusion of Lynn-Holly Johnson.  I will leave you to discover what she does to the movie, and what she tries to do to Bond.  The next movie in this collection is the first of the two Timothy Dalton movies, which I also think was the better of his two movies.  The plot is complicated this time, involving a defector who is not defecting, and a bad guy who later plays a good guy in the Brosnan movies.  It's all in good fun with one of the most interesting chase scenes ever in a Bond film, involving a bass and its case.  Dalton managed to breathe new life into the Bond series with modern issues and locations that were in the news at that time.  This Bond film is worth watching multiple times.  The final movie in this collection is one of Pierce Brosnan's weaker movies.  The typically complicated plot involves an assassination attempt on beautiful Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), and the theft of nuclear weapons.  While there are a number of good scenes in this movie, it is weaker than average.  However, this movie was the last appearance of Desmond Llewelyn as Q, and Q seems to steal all his scenes.  Because of all the extras these DVDs require hours to watch.  While the value of the extras varies, watching them gives a fan much more information about the difficulties of making each movie, and how many of the stunts were performed.  I consider these movies to be among the gems of my DVD collection.  I recommend this set very highly as long as you plan on collecting all the Bond films.
 I finally broke down to purchase all three volumes for a complete James Bond set on DVD. Finding all of the sets online brand new was very difficult. The price was one of the best here for total shipped price.One word, "WOW". The packaging was very nice. The special editions of each 007 movies are loaded with impressive extras. After viewing the actual movies, I found the video excellent and the sound quality a huge upgrade from my Bond VHS versions. It was like watching them for the first time on DVD. In my opinion, these sets are classics for any DVD collection. I did not regret my purchase.
 This is my favorite of the 3 Special Edition boxsets. For one thing, it's got 3 great Connery movies
 This outstanding set includes the films DR. NO, THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN, MOONRAKER, THE SPY WHO LOVED ME, and ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN is on its way to becoming a cult classic while you get George Lazenby's single performance as James Bond in the ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE, already a cult classic. THE SPY WHO LOVED ME and MOONRAKER are Roger Moore's two epic Bond productions showing off Ken Adams' production designs for the last time in the series. Ken Adams' production designs were first seen in DR. NO and established the look of the Bond films for rest of the series. Sean Connery's performance in DR. NO remains one of the best to date.
 In looking for a set of  007  movies I've read a slew of reviews...but the one by Geoffrey Hendricks (9 Jan 04) was the review that said it  all  for me...G.H. you are a funny funny person...you should be writing script for sitcoms!! I kid you not.  Thanks for assuming that the researcher has probably seen all of the films by now and really wants a collection of favourites...you helped me remember why I like all of these  Bonds .  You certainly write to an intelligent audience. ...N.B. Amazon...you should pay Geoffrey Hendricks for the reviews...the copy
  Dr. No  is the most modest of the set, being the first James Bond adventure. However, there are very memorable moments, like Sean Connery first saying
 This set is very nice and completes our collection for 007! We found this set at a local store used for $32.99 plus tax. We are so excited to have our collection complete.  We wanted to purchase the entire DVD collection instead of download and view, plus we knew we would want to watch the movies over and over. Which is okay for us as we like to take our DVD's with us while on the road as it makes for some fun times. This has also come in handy when we are out and have to wait for long periods of time.. This happen recently and 007 saved the day! We started watching and before we knew it, it was time to go on to our next destination.  So back to the reason we went ahead and purchased this collection. Due to the garbage on T.V. these days, looks like many people are looking for great movies and are turning to movies like this again. Many people are tired of paying for trash T.V. so they have found other ways to view T.V. the way they want to. Looks like this is the growing attitudes with paid for TV these days.. And I know many like 007 so it is in demand!  Anyway, our family loves this 007 and glad that we were still able to find this collection for a decent price.. We don't want to spend too much money out of our budget. We are just glad to be able to watch T.V. the way we want to and not have to pay for crap TV. We are tired of today's T.V. shows.. It's really sad that such a good method of influence has turned into trash T.V with the exception of National Geo etc.. Any way, if you want clean T.V. this is it!  I can say since we cut cable off we have a better free life.. seems like we have more family time and time to do the things that we want to do. Plus we pay for the movies that we want like 007 etc since it is not on Netflix.  These movies will entertain you with lots of action, turns and twist.. Miss those days of movies like this. So if you are looking for clean great family fun, this  is for you.. You will not be disappointed. Our children love these movies!  We have re watched many of 007 movies so many times and we are still not tired of 007 movies.. Every time we watch we are still amazed. We wanted to create good T.V. movies with our children as our parents did. I can remember watching great shows like this with my parents and grand parents. This is a great addition to any movie collection!  We love the cars, and all of the James Bond characters! the action, the scenes are so beautiful! The movies are full of surprises and will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting more and more! This is perfect for our movie night! The movies are refreshing! Stunning acting from all characters!  Some of the movies in this set we already had, but will keep just in case for wear and tear etc. We were missing about five movies and four of them were located in this case so we decided to purchase the case.  When you are looking through the different collections make sure you check the content to ensure its what your are looking for. Many of the cases have a few missing are some of the same movies in each case.. So make sure its what you really want.  Enjoy! Whew Clean T.V. Yeah! It's 007 your won't be disappointed!
 Bought my dad this for a gift. He loves James Bond. We are trying to get him all of these collections. We are getting closer. Great collections for a James Bond lover!
 I bought this volume after buying the other 2 volumes at a closeout store. I love them. The extras are awesome.
 Product was exactly as described, and delivered in a timely fashion. I am very  pleased.
 I picked up this collection for my husband and he watches it every chance he gets. Bond is an excellent dresser and his style is unmatched by film characters of late. If you're looking for a gift that keeps on giving I recommend this collection.
 John Barry began his "official scoring duties in tandem with his screen credit on FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE bringing a highly recognizable and definitive substantiating sound to the Bond series that distinguished it with his unique and inimitable musical style. That has been a hallmark, which brings a cohesive quality to the whole series even in Barry's absence. FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is considered to be one of the better Bond films in the series. It follows the directorial style of DR. NO but embellishes it with layer upon layer of style, mood and a richly woven texture unique to the cinematic world of 007. Sean Connery continues his portrayal of the character in the Fleming literary mold but simultaneously continues to refine his performance adding more depth to the character's worldliness, intellect, social graces and wry humor. The plot also offers a more substantial challenge to Bond and poses a dichotomy of villainy represented by the unwitting Soviets and the independent criminal organization known as S.P.E.C.T.R.E. headed by Blofeld (named in the end credits). FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is exceptional filmmaking. YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE is the fifth film in the series and gives us a resourceful and intelligent James Bond reminiscent of FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE as he seeks out his contact in Japan during the early scenes. Eventually Bond falls into the mode of the impervious hero created in THUNDERBALL. In the first hour the pace is deliberate, but never boring or unentertaining, ending with Bond flying "Little Nellie, delivered by "Q, into an engaging aerial dogfight with four helicopters.  As it moves into the second hour more of the science fiction and fantasy elements take center stage. The film peregrinates until it gets to the excellently filmed battle between Tanaka's ninjas and Blofeld's private army in his Volcano lair. Bond and Blofeld finally come face to face. John Barry composed one of his best scores for this film filled with great musical action vignettes, mood and flavor of the Japanese locale. YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE contained elements of espionage, action, thrills, adventure and science fiction making it entertaining all around. DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER sees the return of Sean Connery as James Bond after a one-film hiatus. After the very Fleming-like ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE and George Lazenby's single performance of a no-nonsense Bond, DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER brought the series to a new kinder and gentler level. The plot is confusing at times but it really doesn't matter because the film does not take itself too serious. DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER, though not a suspense epic, remains an entertaining exposition bringing Bond into the 70s. It is also a very stylized film thanks to Ken Adam's designs for the Willard Whyte penthouse and Blofeld's cavernous mud bath lair and John Barry's above-and-beyond score. These elements were visually opulent and pleasing to the eye and ear making this an extraordinary film of universal appeal. MOONRAKER plays like a compendium of the entire series running the gamut from the serious to the fanciful. MOONRAKER contains many elements to please the diverse tastes of the millions of Bond fans. That is the magic of MOONRAKER. There is incredible action in this film. The free-fall sequence is one of the best pre-title sequences of the series. The boat chase in the South American jungle is truly thrilling. Bond's fight in the Venetian glass museum is a classic. John Barry's score is exquisite and moving, one of his most unique. The dialogue by Christopher Wood is witty and intelligent. MOONRAKER has it all. In FOR YOUR EYES ONLY 007 gets rough as he goes up against an international tycoon on the payroll of the Soviets. This is an action packed film, with picturesque European and Mediterranean locales and a very exciting score by Bill Conti. The sinking of the St. Georges, the attack on Kristatos' warehouse and Bond kicking Locque's car, with Locque still inside, off the cliff were high points that were excellently filmed. THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS introduces Timothy Dalton as 007 and it brings the series back to its roots. Dalton's performance brings comparisons to Sean Connery over other actors that have filled the role. The film looks more like a product of the 60s as it brings Bond behind the "Iron Curtain and up against the KGB. An emotionally charged pre-title sequence on the cliffs of Gibraltar introduces the new James Bond and is a highlight of the entire series. Alec Mills' rich and colorful cinematography and John Barry's best Bond score in years make this a nostalgic rebirth of James Bond and returns the viewer to his unparalleled stylish world. The plot involves a defecting Russian general but there is more than meets the eye and Bond must use his "instincts to the disapproval of M to ferret out the truth. Dalton immediately puts his stamp on the role as the thinking man's Bond and he displays a distinct dislike for bureaucracy but remains the ever-dedicated civil servant. THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS is one of the best films of the James Bond series. THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH is somewhat a throwback to what Timothy Dalton was demonstrated with his interpretation of James Bond. Infrequently in an action film series does one of its entries attempt to deal with the persona of its hero with equal intensity as it handles the plot. This is the case with THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH. Visually this film shows how James Bond develops an obsession for a woman for whom he has become intrigued with, her having been mistreated by British Intelligence (in Bond's vision), and the effect it has on him. The results are devastating. All being said, Pierce Brosnan really has the part of James Bond down to an art and science. THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH is one of the most intriguing films of the series. This DVD Volume demonstrates the versatility and diversity of the world of James Bond.
 While Collection 1 has the best movies for any James Bond collection, Collection 2 has some of the most enjoyable films in the entire series.  These are still some of the best DVDs out there as every one has lots of extras including at least 1 documentry covering some aspect about the James Bond films in general in addition to a documentary on the film itself. Dr. No - I hadn't seen this one in a long time.  It is a true classic.  I am now convinced it is as good as if not better than Goldfinger.  Honey Ryder is now my new favorite bond girl -- I now understand her fan appeal.  If there is one thing you will get from this film it is a true love for James Bond! On Her Majesty's Secret Service - Has good action and a decent performance by George Lazenby but I don't like his taste for disguises.  Very cool DVD menus.  This movie's main problem is that it spends to much time developing the Bond relationship and has an unusually sad ending, however credit should be given to the filmakers for adding a new dimension to the bond character. The Man With The Golden Gun - Much more fun and enjoyable than I remembered, but I wish the action sequences would have been longer.  I really enjoy Roger Moore's Bond films. The Spy Who Loved Me - It has every bond cliche -- fast cars, ski chases, over-the-top villians, giant villian lairs, lots of gadgets, lots of humor and good one-liners, and a beautiful leading lady.  And for this Bond film, it really works!  One of Roger Moore's best. Moonraker - Corny but enjoyable.  More exposition is needed to bring continuity to the story.  Every scene feels like a setup for the next action sequence.  The film blatently ripps off several hit 70s films with a humor such that it almost is making fun of itself.  It is still very fun to watch.
 This set of DVDs is the best collection I have in my library. Altogether they beat any other set. Each DVD is a special edition DVD, not just a normal set. Each one has it's own documentary produced in 1999 which runs from 30 to 45 minutes. You hear very interesting interviews with cast and crew that are narrated mostly by Patrick MacNee of `Avenger' fame. Each one also has a special mini-documentary about some aspect of James Bond such as a biography of the first James Bond director, a feature on stunts of James Bond films, a section on Q branch, a section on the art/set director of a lot of the films and a section on the special effects. These run about 25 to 30 minutes. Each DVD comes with trailers, TV spots and even radio spots; not that interesting. The older films also contain some original featurettes. The DVDs' also come with picture galleries that contain some short but interesting production notes. Usually I find galleries boring, but these pictures are all very interesting because they aren't just traditional publicity photos, but behind-the-scenes shots. Alas, the one item missing here is deleted scenes. Some of the trailers and photo galleries hint at deleted scenes but none of the DVDs' have them. The only other item I didn't care for were the documentaries that were edited together and are moderated by some fellow from the Ian Fleming Foundation. First of all they have too many people on the documentary. They have comments from over a dozen cast and crew from each film. They often don't talk about the film you're watching but some aspect of Bond films or the movie industry in general. Although sometimes interesting, mostly verbose, the commentary is easier to listen to without a picture. I'd prefer comments that are directly related to the film you are watching. A lot of the comments are lifted from the documentaries, so this will be the second time you hear them. The commentary is a feature that I'll only listen to once. Overall this set is hands down the best of any collection I have. Each DVD by itself is good to average, but taken together this set is a must have in anyone's collection whether your like James Bond or not.
 Firstly i'd have to say that if i weren't for the huge special features contained on each disc i'd have only given the pack a 4.  Only one movie out of the 5 is in True Dolby Digital 5.1 and the rest are stereo with Dr  No being Mono.  Still i believe this captures the spirit of the original  title and if indeed all had been in the 5.1 format it would have spoilt the  originality of the movies. I personally want to view them as close as  possible to how they were originally made.  The special features is where  this box set gets the extra points.  The makings of and other bit and  pieces provid the viewer with involment in the movie that other titles  should offer.  Seeing how the stunts were performed and how they did  certain special effects is great and still gives you something to watch if  you haven't got time to sit down infront of the whole movie.  Perhaps the  only title i would have changed was OHMSS. This could have waited till the  last set so a more popular title could be inserted.  The other movies that  are due for the last set will definately be worth waiting for with   from Russia with love  being a personal favorite.  The extra  space for the newest addition TWINE is also a great idea. If you are a fan  you would have to be crazy not to pick up the set. A truly fantastic job by  MGM and i'm definately looking forward to the last set later in the year.
 I got the first boxed set and have been waiting patiently for the 2nd and 3rd and now I have them.  This is rare opportunity for the Bond-o-phile to own ever Bond film on DVD.  Like the volumes in the first set each individual DVD is chock full of special features and documentaries so as you progress through the series you learn the history of the Bond films themselves.  Many of these I've never seen so I'm looking forward to seeing those.  If you love Bond then bite the bullet and get them all then settle back with a vodka martini, shaken not stirred, and enjoy them for years to come.
 While Collection 1 has the best movies for any James Bond collection, Collection 2 has some of the most enjoyable films in the entire series.  These are still some of the best DVDs out there as every one has lots of extras including at least 1 documentry covering some aspect about the James Bond films in general in addition to a documentary on the film itself. Dr. No - I hadn't seen this one in a long time.  It is a true classic.  I am now convinced it is as good as if not better than Goldfinger.  Honey Ryder is now my new favorite bond girl -- I now understand her fan appeal.  If there is one thing you will get from this film it is a true love for James Bond! On Her Majesty's Secret Service - Has good action and a decent performance by George Lazenby but I don't like his taste for disguises.  Very cool DVD menus.  This movie's main problem is that it spends to much time developing the Bond relationship and has an unusually sad ending, however credit should be given to the filmakers for adding a new dimension to the bond character. The Man With The Golden Gun - Much more fun and enjoyable than I remembered, but I wish the action sequences would have been longer.  I really enjoy Roger Moore's Bond films. The Spy Who Loved Me - It has every bond cliche -- fast cars, ski chases, over-the-top villians, giant villian lairs, lots of gadgets, lots of humor and good one-liners, and a beautiful leading lady.  And for this Bond film, it really works!  One of Roger Moore's best. Moonraker - Corny but enjoyable.  More exposition is needed to bring continuity to the story.  Every scene feels like a setup for the next action sequence.  The film blatently ripps off several hit 70s films with a humor such that it almost is making fun of itself.  It is still very fun to watch.
 this is probably the best collection of bond films avilable out there! it features
 Sean Connery in Dr. No (1963) the first bond movie ever bond goes to jamica to investagate strange disapearences but he runs into one of spector men named Dr. No bond gets help from Honey Ryder Filix Liter and Quarrel,  George Lazenby in On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969) Bond meet many  girls as he chases his nemisis Ernst Stavlo Blofed but finds himself in  love with Tracy Draco, and Roger Moore in The Man With The Golden Gun  (1974) Bond faces a man who never misses his target and his servant nic-nac  and soon mets an old friend named and fellow agent goodnight / The Spy Who  Loved Me (1977) bond must save new york and moscow as he battles Mr.  Stromburg and Jaws the giant metel mouth / MoonRaker (1979)Jaws is Back  this time he is helping Hugo Drax bond goes to a space station to stop them  from sending probes to kill the human race bond get help from cia agent  Polly Goodhead , this set is a must for all Fans Bond Fans!
 If these DVD's are eany thing like the first 7 special editions, then Bond fans are in for a real treat.  True, only three of the five movies are fantastic Bond films (Dr. NO, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, and The Spy  Who Loved me). But even the two not so grate ones (The Man With The Golden  Gun and Moonraker) will have grate behind the seen facts that will delight  eany Bond fan.
 James Bond 007 Collection Volume 1 was a great boxed set of different Bonds (4 different Bonds, Sean Connery, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Pierce Brosnan) and make for some great entertainment.  That boxed set contained 7 films (Goldfinger, Thunderball, Live And Let Die, For Your Eyes Only, Licence To Kill, Goldeneye, Tommorow Never Dies).  The weakest thing about this set is that it only contains 5 Bond films.  But, they're 5 very good Bond films.   The first film in the set is also the first film of the whole series, Dr. No, directed by Terence Young and starring Sean Connery as 007.  In this film Bond travels to Jamaica to find out why Commander Strangways has dissapeared.  He meets three woman during this time.  One of them is Sylvia Trench (Eunice Gayson), who has the honor of being the first girl to be seduced by Bond.  The second is Miss. Taro (Zena Marshall).  And, of course, the last (but NOT least) is Honey Ryder (Ursala Andress).  Bond must confront evil Dr. No (Joseph Wiseman), who has steel claws for hands.  Dr. No is an exciting entry, it's really good when you think of how much the movie started.  If this movie hadn't been made, would we be lining up to see Pierce Brosnan in  The World Is Not Enough?  No, we wouldn't.  This is one trill ride that I recommend to anyone.  The next film in the set is the highley underrated On Her Majesty's Secret Service, directed by Peter Hunt and starring one-timer George Lazenby.  On Her Majesty's Secret Service (OHMSS) sends Bond to Switzerland to track down Blofeld (Telly Savalas), who he encountered in the last picture, You Only Live Twice.  Bond encounters beautiful, disturbed yound girl Tracy (Diana Rigg), and the audience is goin to get a big surprise at the end of this one!  OHMSS is so good.  It's certainly the most romantic of all the Bond films, and George Lazenby does so much better than people say.  Sure, he's no Sean Connery, but he's very good.  Then comes The Man With The Golden Gun, directed by Guy Hamilton and starring Roger Moore.  Bond's sent to find Scaramanga (Christopher Lee), who he beleives is trying to kill him, because he sent him a golden bullet with his name on it.  Bond encounters two sexy woman, Andrea Anders (Maud Adams, who would return to play the title character in Octopussy)  and Mary Goodnight (Britt Ekland).  Bond's up against a powerful oponent with Scaramanga, who's golden gun kills with one shot.  The Man With The Golden Gun is a good, silly entry.  While it's not Shakespeare, it's good entertainment.  The Spy Who Loved Me comes next with this set.  It's directed by Lewis Gilbert and stars Roger Moore.  In this, Bond is up against Jaws (Richard Kiel), a giant with metal teeth.  Unfortunatly, Jaws overpowers our main villian, Karl Stromberg (Curt Jergens), who's pretty darn dull.  But, The Spy Who Loved Me is good.  Now, the last one is Moonraker, directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Roger Moore.  This is a very controversial entry, because it sends Bond off to space, but I love it.  Sure, it's not really right for Bond to be shooting lasers at the bad guys or flying space shuttles, but if you know it's coming at you, you'll have a great time.  It also gives Jaws a love interest, which is a little ridiculous, but funny.  Moonraker's a great rainy day movie.  Now, there's a space in the box reserved for The World Is Not Enough, directed by Michael Apted and starring Pierce Brosnan.  This entry's a silly, overcomplicated mess of a movie.  For one thing, it makes M a victom!  M is powerful!  She would not be taken prisoner.  And, Brosnan's really dumb as Bond.  As with his previous two entrys, you never feel he's in any real danger.  He's invincible.  Of course, I got The World Is Not Enough and put it in the box, but that's because I'm a die hard Bond fan, and I want all the movies.   The movies are all presented in great DVDs.  The picture and sound (Mono?  Who cares?) is great.  Considering Dr. No dates back to 1962, the picture gets a 5 from me.  The films all look sharp, and clean.  The feature's will keep any fan happy.  Each film comes with a documentary, as well as another documentary about other things (for instance, on Moonraker, there's a documentary about the special effects of the series).  You've also got trailers, commentaries, still galleries, as well as intersting collectible booklets.  The films are also presented in their correct widescreen format.  All in all, this box set is almost equal to the first, but if you wait for a few weeks, a boxed set containing all 20 films will be released in a tin case! My rating of each movie is as follows..... Dr. No gets (out of ****) ****.  On Her Majesty's Secret Service gets ***1/2.  The Man With The Golden Gun gets ***.  The Spy Who Loved Me gets ***.  Moonraker gets ***1/2.  The World Is Not Enough gets **. If you found my reveiw helpful, please vote for me.
 These DVD sets (1, 2 & 3) are an absolute MUST have! It's next to impossible to get some of these movies unless you get the sets. I already owned some of the movies, but I just sold the copies I already had on Ebay.  Each DVD's special features are very informative and almost as much fun as watching the movie. It's a blast to see all the behind the scenes stuff.  A must have collection!
 Let me just say, I am pleased with MGM's decision to release all of the Bond films for this holiday season. FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is my third favorite Bond film. I felt that this was Sean Connery's finest hour. John Barry's score is perfect for the chilling felling that this film gives off. I would buy this set for this movie alone. **** YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE has great locales and a heart-pumping plot. However, it is not that special. This film overdoes the whole Japanese theme too much. But, the last half hour is back in the Bond tradition. Donald Pleasance is fantastic as the super-villan Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Even because of the comic-book-like scenes, this is a great 007 flick. *** DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER is more like a Republic serial than a movie 007 film, but, it is great fun to watch. Probably, the most raunchiest one out there, but it is great. The homo-sexual henchman, Mr. Wint & Mr. Kidd make the movie as well does Charles Gray as the final Blofeld. A great film in the first half but it does bog down at the end. Great fun though!!! *** MOONRAKER is silly, over-the-top, has poor special effects, and I love it. This is probably the poorest Bond film but it is an awesome treat on a rainy day. However, this Bond film is big and I mean big! It covers three continents and space. It definitley shows that the cast had an awesome time making this. Once again, silly but entertaining. **1/2 FOR YOUR EYES ONLY is like watching the grass grow compared to Moonraker. But it is not bad. A very realistic film which covers many aspects of the early Connery Bonds. However, is slow at many points and can be boring for people who watch the Bonds for the action scenes. **1/2 THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS has possibly the most realistic plot. This is Timothy Dalton's first appearance as 007. After reading the Ian Fleming novels, I find him to be most similar to the way his creator viewed him. I expected this movie to have a great Russian plot but is doesn't, you'll have to wait until GoldenEye for that. Definitely the most forgettable. **1/2 THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH has an intresting plot, a brilliant villan, and a delicious villaness. Sophie Marceau plays the disturbed Elektra King brilliantly. I feel that in this film Pierce Brosnan finally feels comfortable in the role of 007. However this is a sad hour for Bond lovers. This is Desmond Llewellyn's last time for playing the gadget wizard "Q". ***
 A great selection of Bond movies in this second collection. None of the tedium of  Thunderball  or po-faced nonsense of  For Your Eyes Only , or misguided vigilante movie of  Licence To  Kill . Instead, we get Bond as it should be; big, splashy and fun.  Best of all is the controversial  Moonraker , my favourite Bond  movie and a sheer tonic every time I watch it. Best villain - the  exquisitely precise Michel Lonsdale - best settings, best script -  I  think he's attempting re-entry sir  - and the very best Bond in Roger  Moore. Personally, I can't stand Connery, the grizzled milkman, but Moore  is simply perfect. It's got nothing to do with Ian Fleming of course, but  why let that get in the way of such delicious fun ? Bernard Lee is also at  his best in his last film, and his timing of the final  007 !  is  immaculate.  Then we have the marvellously exciting, gritty and  sensationally well made  OHMSS , which has the best action scenes  of the entire series and a much better performance from Lazenby than anyone  is willing to admit. Besides, he's surrounded by great performances,  notably from Diana Rigg and Gabriell Ferzetti, so his occasional woodenness  doesn't matter a jot.  More Moore jollity in  The Spy Who Loved  Me  - a notch below  Moonraker  as it insists on replaying   You Only Live Twice , but still a lot of fun.  The Man With  The Golden Gun  is probably the worst of the series, but does have the  benefit of Christopher Lee.  Finally,  Dr No , the film which  started it all. Connery is awful in it, displaying not a jot of class or  charisma,  but Joseph Wiseman and Ursula Andress make up for the  non-presence at the centre of the film.
 Almost 15 years after shooting his greatest masterpiece  Colors of pomegranates , after suffering accusations, spending years in prisons and concentrations camps, Parajanov finally returns with  The Legend of Souram Fortress . His first two movies were shot in Ukraine and Armenia respectively, this one was a work of GruziaFilm (Republic of Georgia). Here the action takes place in medieval Georgia. The last wall around the Souram fortress constantly collapses no matter what the builders try to... A spurned woman denied be the man she loves makes a prophecy and advises the prince who abandoned her to bury his son in the walls of Suram Fortress to protect it during a siege.According to the prophecy the only way to complete the wall around the fortress is to immure the hero into the wall.  Parajanov's worldwide success came  Shadows of forgotten ancestors  and  Colors of pomegranates  in 60's. While this movie didn't achieve the similar success, it's till among the must-haves for any follower of Parajanov's talent.
 This is a beautiful movie about a fortress that keeps collapsing and a man who abandons his first love, who becomes a fortuneteller and predicts that the only way to save the fortress is to have the son of her faithless lover bricked up alive in the walls.  The movie itself is richer than the plot, though, as it gives a feeling of the wide-open spaces of ancient Georgia and the rich interaction of cultures there.  I was impressed by the way in which Christianity and Islam are shown as coexisting and even intertwining rather than as enemies.  The features are quite good too.  The interview with Paradjanov's wife Svetlana Scherbatyuk is very interesting, and the translation is better than for some of the documentaries on other DVDs in this box set.  There's another woman in the documentary who I assume is Paradjanov's second wife, although she's never identified, which is a bit frustrating.  There's a short documentary on the great Georgian tragic actress Veriko Andzhaparidze, who also was in Repentance, as well as an impressive b & w short on "The Architecture of Ancient Georgia, which is an evocative look at some of the locations in the film and several other examples of Georgian architecture. The photo album and filmographies round it off nicely.  I'd definitely recommend that people watch this, with the understanding that this isn't Hollywood and has little in common with your run-of-the-mill realist movies.  For those who love cinema, it's worth it.
 Manny Pontoriero's latest instructional DVD set includes two DVDs that offer outstanding instruction in landscape photography.  As with Manny's earlier instructional DVDs, don't just watch a DVD once. Instead, watch a DVD, take a ton of pictures, and then watch the DVD again. Digital photography allows you to take many photos of a scene, from every angle, using different lenses and filters, with an immediate review of your efforts, and without the need for development as with film photography.  The first DVD includes multiple sessions with Manny offering classroom style instruction that includes drawings and samples of a topic. Then, it is out into the field to use those principles in action. It is in the first DVD that Manny also explains Parallel Thinking. Parallel Thinking is `how else can I photograph this scene'? Don't just take the one picture that you initially saw. Instead, what other options (different times of the day, different seasons, using different lenses, etc.) can you use to capture the scenes at a location?  The second DVD offers 14 sessions in the field at different landscape location along the East Coast. In each session, Manny offers detailed description of what he is doing at each location, along with why. Throughout those sessions are tidbits of information you might miss, yet are important. For example, if you are stacking filters on a lens use a step-up ring so you can use larger filters on a lens and not vignette your photo. Or, don't change lenses at the beach if the wind is blowing as you do not want to get sand grains into a lens or the camera; and, vacuum the lens and camera when back home to remove any sand grains on the outside surfaces.  The second DVD contains a bonus 15th session in which Manny moves from the camera to the computer to briefly explain what changes he might make to a specific photo. He uses the raw editor of Photoshop to make those adjustments, along with the neutral density adjustment available from that editor.  I highly recommend Manny's DVD sets, especially this two DVD landscape photography set.
 I consider myself to be an amateur enthusiast photographer. This DVD set, like all of Manny's, are very informative. I enjoy his style of teaching and all the advice that he gives during the DVD. Landscape photography is one of my favorite styles to shoot. Once again Manny's many examples and differing locations made this DVD extremely educational. I have purchased all of Manny's Get the Picture DVDs and would highly recommend them. Thanks Manny!!!
 Manny is an excellent instructor. I've been tinkering with photography since high school. Now, 50 years later, it's time to put down my typewriter and pick up my camera. Thank you Manny for the informative tips and excellent instruction. Now I can go from taking snapshots to creating photographs.
 I purchased this DVD to go over my composition concepts.  I've been a landscape photographer for over 20 years.  I shoot mostly landscapes and sell them at [...]  But there's always something new to learn. This program is beautifully put together.  I loved it!
 "WOW what a great video set. I have several other videos by Manny and they are great so I knew when I saw this title was available I had to have it. Buy the set and you will turn your ordinary snapshots into photos with visual eloquence Richard Greene lives again in Volume one of the Adventures of Robin Hood.  We get 4 episodes of the series including the first episode
 I purchased from Amazon.co.uk each of the four seasons of "The Adventures of Robin Hood - all 143 episodes - for about $20 per season.  Digital transfer was excellent and our entire family has enjoyed the series. Packaging involved sturdy plastic cases, each containing 2 DVD's, with 8 episodes per disk. I found this a great value and wanted to recommend it to others interested in the Robin Hood series.
 Except for sound quality in the first episode, everything else including picture quality were fine. A great bargain.
 Written by Communist labelled actors and writers during the corporate fuelled McCarthy era when rhey could find no work; (I wonder if that included that ethereal beauty Bernadette O'Farrel?) These CDs were made for today; the poor outlaws flourish while the greasy rich stew in their own conspiracies.  The acting and scripts are brief but reek of talent.  11 CDs... I believe we are on our third trip through Sherwood!
 Columbia Pictures present "WAGON TEAM (Released
 Awesome movie. I had fun watching this flim. Good action. Good actors and based on the history of Rome. Allot of fun.
 I understand all the complaints. I believe I am the first to review the actual DVDs. By the fifth inning of the first game, I forgot my issues with picture quality and started to enjoy the games. By most any measure, Game 6 is one of greatest games in World Series history. And that's the way it comes across here, with all the post-game interviews and comments included. In my case, some of the post-game stuff is new because my local station cut in with the "11 o'clock news. But, all the games are interesting...seven game World Series with two evenly-matched teams are very rare these days.  I am disappointed with the Bonus DVD, which is a recap of the two playoff series, and a small portion of the Cardinals victory parade. Why bother, if that's all you show?  For Cardinal fans (like me) who are upset about Albert Pujols leaving for the Angels, it was chance to watch Albert for one last time. I am angry about Pujols leaving, but again the World Series is so interesting, he eventually becames just part of an unusally interesting sports event. David Freese, Lance Berkman and Chris Carpenter are the Cardinal heros, except for Pujols's three-homer game.  Give the DVDs a chance!
 This complete collection of every minute of play from every game of the 2011 World Series -- one of the most exciting in decades -- is an essential addition the the collection of any baseball fan.  From Albert Pujols' historic barrage in Game Three to the remarkably dramatic Game Six comeback(s) to the final out of Game Seven, it is all here in crystal clear video.  Even if you are not a Cardinals fan (but especially if you are!) this is just the thing to get you through the long winter before the start of spring training.  I last purchased one of these collectors boxes back in 2006 (connect the dots ...).  A new feature since then which is worth mentioning is that you can now choose from a total of four audio tracks
 This box set is INCREDIBLE! All the Fox broadcasts with alternate audio (that doesn't always line up perfect). Each DVD has its own case that has statistics and the inning by inning breakdown in the liner notes. The games all look great. Game 6 is INCREDIBLE!!!!!! Watching the last 5 innings of that game will give ANY baseball fan goosebumps. This was the best World Series of my lifetime. The DVD's are great and the packaging and presentation is fantastic. WATCH GAME 6, AMAZING!!!
 Great quality both video and sound.  It is a good way to spend the winter reliving what is one of the greatest of the four Cardinal World Series of my time.  This is a must for any avid Cardinal fan and is an outstanding addition to my collection.
 Great set of DVD's to remember a GREAT World Series!!! A must-have for true fans of the birds-on-0the-bat!!! Mine was a gift...for me...yours can be to!!!!
 Unfortunately the DVD set doesn't include your own personal memories, or the pandemonium that broke out wherever you were during the miracle that was Game 6.  But you'll never forget where you were. But the DVDs DO include everything you saw on the TV.  And that's really all we can ask for.
 As soon as Game 6 happened I knew I would have to find the DVD set, even if we ended up losing the series (fortunately we won Game 7 as well) to be able to show my children and my childrens children.. like 06, this was a very improbable world series win with an underdog cards team that never quit, even being down 2 runs and with 1 strike left TWICE, even being 10.5 games out of even making the playoffs with just over a month left in the season, this team never said die and always played to try and have the "happy flight"... And with the price of this set here, it was impossible to pass up... every world series game in its entireity, 8 disc set, beyond well worth the awesome price set for a historic series that should find a sacred spot on the shelf of any STL fan...
 Sincerely, I did not purchase this product for me. It was a present for the most important and special person in life
 We are true cardinal fans and this is a must to have! Re-LIVE the excitement! Re-LIVE the moments that made history!!  Will enjoy for years to come...
 If you are a Cardinal Fan this is a must set, great games and excellent extra's. All baseball fans will enjoy.
 I'm thrilled to have the games from the entire 2011 World Series.  I even love the disc covers that give the stats for each game.
 This a great gift for any Cardinals fan.  Game 6 is the most entertaining game I've ever watched.  Loyal Cards fan since 1982.
 This full set of the 2011 World Series, showing every pitch etc. without commercial interruption, with the Fox broadcasters, just as you saw it on TV, is great for Cardinal fans, especially of course Game 6, but now that the price is more reasonable than when it first came out last winter, why not get all 7 games?
 Every play of every game of the incredible 2011 World Series. We all know how it played out, but seeing it over is so comforting. The 6th game will go down in WS history as perhaps the most amazing single game ever.
 How can you not love rewatching the 2011 World Series. I would greatly recommend this to any St Louis Cardinals fans.
 Took a while & 7 games, BUT .... MY 'CARDS' won the World Series!!! (now, I can relive every inning!!)  Thanks 'Yall'!!!
 I was thrilled to find what I was looking for at such a terrific price. Stores around my home were wanting $25.00 more for this item. It was a last minute purchase & I hoped to recieve by Christmas. I took a chance & did not purchase the faster delivery postage, and recieved my item in record time. Thank You! Again I experienced great service from Amazon.
 I don't know if the DVDs are good because it was a Christmas present.  I will say that the person I purchased it for was overjoyed.
 This is one of the greatest highlights of the St. Louis Cardinals in a World Series or any World Series ever.
 Love getting the chance to relive the finish to the Cardinals' amazing season! The quality of the DVDs is truly incredible.
 This was a Christmas gift for 3 of the men in my life.  They were all excited to receive it and have already watched a good deal of it.
 i am waiting for the release - could not watch every game and was bummed mlb.tv didn't offer the games on line this year.  but i'll be buying this for my collection.  a big time baseball fan so any world series release is welcome in our household.  happy the cards won of course but because the series went the distance, they will be no lds or lcs games included as an extra. still happy to get this and go cards.
 i wanted the complete three world series games played in texas (i got to go to them) and this was the cheapest way to get them.
 Because the series was fantastic...great video. It captures all the excitement without the worry. It's a great gift for every Cardinal fan.
 Not much to say, unless you're a Texas fan this is a top quality collection of some of the best baseball games ever played.
 Mike always has this annual baseball register available for Seamheads.  There are no longer any record books or registers on the market save this one.  One of baseball's major attractions is its records, but for some strange reason no one sees a market for published editions.  Who's Who in Baseball is now the Lone Ranger.  Internet sources are inconvenient while watching a ballgame.  We still need books!  Thanks, Mike for always being there.<a href="http
 I WENT TO GAME 6 OF THE 2011 WORLD SERIES.WANTED DVD OF IT.THIS SET IS AWESOME.COMPLETE GAMES MINUS COMMERCIALS.IF YOU ARE A CARDINAL FAN BUY IT
 Would it be better if they released this in HD?  Yes, it obviously would.  But I own the 2006 World Series collection from A&E as well and knew ahead of time it would be sold in standard definition.  But I'm a Cardinals lifer since 1988 and there is no chance I wasn't going to purchase this and the other video they sold that was in HD format.  I've watched the 2006 DVD over and over again and can't wait for this to reach my house so I can watch the 2011 World Series over and over again.
 You could buy each episode on itunes, they're not available in HD, but for $14 total, and $22 more for the NLDS and NLCS, this is a steal, and you can get them right now... (even though Joe Buck and Tim McCarver are terrible)
 By no stretch of the imagination was this a great World Series, However, it was very, very good. It will not hold a spot with the great series like 1975(Reds/Red Sox) 1986 (Mets/Red Sox) 1991 (Twins/Braves) 2001 (Diamondbacks/Yankees). Rather it will be remembered among some very good series like 1982 (Cardinal/Brewers) 1987 (Twins/Cardinals) 1997(Marlins/Indians) 2002(Angels/Giants). With that said there is no doubt I will be adding it my collection. Game 6 and the great Cardinals comeback makes it worth the purchase. Besides, it was nice to see a class orginazation like The Cardinals win another title. It will be on my self among the other very, very good and great World Series games in my collection.
 Actually, there's very little about Ek Hasina Thi that could be called "typical".  The principals (Urmila Matondkar, Saif Ali Khan and Seema Biswas) demonstrate remarkable versatility once again in roles that we're not accustomed to seeing them in.  Urmila as the "anti-heroine or Seema as the tough as nails cop, isn't quite as unusual as seeing Saif in a role that's purely villainous.  Though a fairly long film (by American standards anyway) Ek Hasina Thi isn't replete with a lot of extraneous "filler which is sometimes the case with Bollywood movies.  The pace and the suspense are well maintained throughout and even the fight scenes are believeable for the most part.  Well worth watching!
 Terrific revenge flick with outstanding performances from Saif Ali Khan and Urmila Matondkar, a vibrant and unusual screenplay, set in Mumbai, edge-of-your-seat stuff for 2 hours but doesn't feel anywhere near that long. No-frills DVD has clear images and good English subtitles. Definitely not your average Bollywood film; no song-and-dance numbers, just a solid plot and a deliciously uncompromising ending. Does he deserve the dark fate she wishes upon him? You be the judge!
 Immel was awesome.  Shirley Temple, Haley Mills, McCauley Caulken, etc. move over, there's a new sheriff in town.  If this kid doesn't have a long and prosperous film career he should go into accounting, form his own company, and retire to the Hamptons!  A one of a kind.
 This movie has quite possibly become my favorite horror film of all time. The acting was quite superb, the plot was twisted, and it scared the bejezus out of me. I especially like the part where the former nun takes off her cloth and throws it in the flame(talk about getting rid of a bad habit). Also a great part of the movie was the daemon, it was so realistic, I felt like I was going to descend to hell. If you are into serious horror, then pick this up. If you are a wittle cwybaby who can't stand scawy stuff, then go get a cotton candy mohawk and pick up a Barney video
 Really liked this DVD and was just the right pace for me.  The dance moves are great and easy to learn and there are not a lot of good aerobics dvds out there.  I use this one as my staple a few times a week thanks.
 I really enjoyed this DVD. The moves are so fun and you will sweat up a storm and have your heart rate going throughout the whole routine. The choreography is challenging but fun.
 I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks,  When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.  Play on.
 I have no quarrel with the critical comments of other reviewers with regard to this Murray Lerner-produced filmed portrayal of Jimi Hendrix, playing at the Isle of Wight Festival, at 2 A.M,  just 18 days before his death. I have not previously seen or heard Hendrix save for a few shots in the History of Rock and Roll. Here I address myself only to those in roughly similar circumstances. First, and foremost, my reason for buying this, rather than the recent, more complete, version now available (not at the Amazon listed price, above,  for a new copy,  but at less than a third that )  is that it is one of the five DVD's made of Murray Lerner films of the Festival
 Anyone who thinks that this performance is lackluster, lazy, or anything but great is out of his frigging mind. I am so glad I bought this DVD, and it is another example of why you really have to make up your mind yourself and never listen to negative reviewers. All of the songs played on this DVD are typical Hendrix - exciting, mind blowing and illustrative of his incredible talent that to this day has never been equaled. I could not really see what flaws everyone was talking about. Every Hendrix performance is different from any other, so this one had a little shorter version of  Machine Gun  so what? It was still great. The audience was extremely pleased. If there were equipment problems, you never see it on this DVD. ALL PERFORMANCES ARE OUTSTANDING and I agree with another reviewer that Any Hendrix is better than NO Hendrix. There just is no other performer alive today, and probably never will be who can play a guitar like that, period. If you like Jimi Hendrix, or if you just like supernova guitar playing, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD. The price is WELL worth it. And don't listen to those who are so spoiled that they have to pick apart everything they see and hear, as if they could actually play better than this, or anyone else could. Great great performance that is head and shoulders above anything you will ever see today. The only bad part of the DVD is that you are reminded that 18 days after this performance, we lost probably the greatest guitar player of his generation.
 I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks,  When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.  Play on.
 I wish this movie was on DVD. My daughter was brought up on this movie - and we always have to laugh about whether or not she's been a good girl so I can read to her - from the TV Guide.  Hundreds of laughs if you have no shame.  Characters are lovable and unforgettable - who wouldn't want Theresa as their neighbor?  From absence excuses for school to mama's desire for a peach colored love sofa, the laughs go on and on.
 very hard to find black comedy, not on dvd so had to get on vhs . Good quality fast delivery makes for a happy camper.
 This just isn't fair.  There are certain parameters, guidelines, preconceived notions, or understood rules that any sensible polite filmmaker should adhere to. Psycho stud director Chad Ferrin (Easter Bunny Kill! Kill!) goes on a bareback'n mental rampage by violating both eye sockets and pummeling your ear canal with this disgustingly bizarre nightmare of a film, Someone's Knocking at the Door.  For all you cute kids that enjoyed Zombieland or Shaun of the Dead, I'd think twice before you come walking in this neighborhood.  For all you so-called seasoned gorehounds, go ahead and answer the door but be prepared to mentally grab your ankles.  Follow, if you dare, the drug-induced delirium of a group of med students that cross the line of reality and have their equilibrium shattered into tiny little worthless pieces.  They all become targets for a couple of deranged serial rapists/murderers that somehow have returned from the 70's.  Time to party, and it's BYOB (Bring Your Own Blood).  WARNING--Being horrificly raped to death is no way to go.  Someone's Knocking at the Door is a grindhouse throwback, a surreal headtrip that sets new standards for cinematic psychosis.  It's one brutal, dirty, mind-infesting pathogen transferring sick elements of dark comedy, sex, flesh, blood, gore, super schlong nightmarish profanity insanity deep inside your vulnerable little wacked-out brains.  Be careful.
 3 words
 *Knock Knock*  I first heard about this movie in Fangoria and it immediately piqued my interest.  One, because Noah Segan is in it and I adore him, and two, because I enjoy sick and twisted low budget films that have lots of blood and gore.  Now I will admit, this was a bit over the top and didn't really have a great plot, but I did enjoy every second of this.  It made me laugh and cringe at the same time.  SKATD is about a group of college kids, all of whom(except one)take drugs.  They also discuss the story of two serial killers who, back in 1973, raped people to death.  Yes, that sounds insane and it definitely is.  Anyway, crazy things start to happen soon after.  Every time there's a knock on a door, one of the kids answers and dies.  Their deaths are always completely f**ked up and strange.  The ending is actually pretty entertaining, but if you really think about it, you'll be able to figure out what's really going on.  I rated SKATD 5 stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the display of madness and campiness all rolled into one.  That may make me a disturbed person, but I really don't care.  
 Captivating from the first knock. It's difficult to not be both stimulated and mortified by the raw terror that stalks a group of med students in "Someone's Knocking At The Door. This 70s style horror film creatively takes you through a disturbing drug-induced ordeal that masterfully interlaces sexually charged suspense with a little comedy. Unlike many of today's horror films, this movie features an excellent soundtrack that plays with your emotions. Several scenes still stick with me weeks after watching. This is a refreshingly original film with an ending that will both surprise you and leave you wanting to watch it again.
 This of course is an older film but you still get to see Mr. Parker in action in this film.  This is a definite martial arts masterpiece.  If your into Kenpo you need to pick this up and see Mr. Parker doing Kenpo.
 This movie still lingers on my retina after many months. That is a accomplishment itself. The movie is dark, very dark, and not for the faint of heart. Its characters are extreme, yet somehow believeable - Christian  Slater is evil, Cameron Diaz is a b*tch, and the rest of the cast does a  good job as well. This movie also challenges what is considered funny. I  laughed, and yet - it was a guilty feeling, for you could not help but  question how you could laugh at this gruesome scenario.  And in the end, I  left the theatre quietly - disgusted and in awe.
 First of all
 I don't think I've laughed so hard at a film since Pink Flamingoes.  My God...what an incredible film.  Superbly crafted performances, raw tension, and some of the darkest comedy this side of Sunday that would make John  Waters proud.  This was my favourite film of that year, the funniest film  I've seen in 20 years, and one of the best films of the decade.
 Terrific, Funny, cynic, a great punch to the american dream and to Las Vegas city . Christian Slater in his best part 
 it has an independant film feel like that of Payback...  and the writing style is not that unlike Donald E. Westlake (aka Richard Stark).  The film was dark, yet i laughed the whole time.  So who's opinion would  you rather read?  That of a film student who has a knack for great  cinematography, or that of someone who doesn't respect art at all??
 all i can say about this movie is that it left me without words at the end, all through out  the movie it kept me rolling with laughter, you have to have a dark scence of humor to like this movie, for all those goody  people stay away cause you won't like it, this movie was made for the ones  that know the difference between real and unreal, all in all it was an  imaginative story....for those serious movie people remember movies are  just stories.
 If you don't like dark comedy at all, you'll probably hate this movie like so many of the other reviewers. That's a shame, because Very Bad Things is just wicked, and that's what makes it great. I actually went to see this in the theater when it first came out. I was definitely shocked, and quite pleased, to see something like this as it was different than most shiny, happy people movies out there. I can't even think of another movie to liken it to. A group of guys go to Vegas for a bachelor party. Lots of drugs and partying, and a gorgeous stripper who winds up dead. It's purely an accident, and the group covers things up. Or so they think. But there's a lot of loose ends and loose cannons and the fun in this movie is watching them all get tied. Christian Slater is just wonderful and if you love him, you'll love this movie. I couldn't have been more delighted to find it for $5.50. The ending is probably the most disturbing of all, so for all those dark comedy fans, Very Bad Things is full of all the guilty pleasures that we love.
 yes they have done some very bad things. great movie  shocks you, scares you, thrills you, chills you, makes you laugh all at once almost. highly recommend this one. it's different roles for each character. and they play their parts part well. I was definitely shocked after seeing this the first time thru. I shall watch it again and again. the ending is nice. the story is very twisted at times. but I think it helps the viewer think of what might happen next before they show it. I am glad I have this on dvd. a true shocking classic movie. That goes to show you that when you do "very bad things sooner or later your conscience will eat away at you for them and you'll either beg and confess or something else. quite a shock of a movie they made. but it's worth the watch always
 Went to my video store looking for a romantic comedy to cheer me up but the proprietor insisted I take this out instead. I had no idea what to expect and was blown away by the energy and pace. From the first moment to  the last this film just kept on going without a let-up. I was exhausted by  the end - I can't imagine how the actors felt. For a sick black comedy,  it had just the right balance of humour and gore, of callousness and heart.  Every role was perfectly cast and brilliantly played (especially Favreau).  If the idea of five guys trying to reassemble the dismembered and mixed-up  parts of two dead bodies doesn't make you laugh then this isn't the film  for you.
 This movie had me falling down laughing,, I watched it with a couple of friends and they just looked at me in horror. Don't worry about the negative reviews of this movie JUST SEE IT FOR WHAT IT IS AND LAUGH AWAY!
 I just had to put in 2 cents worth because it disappointed me that some people apparently aren't open-minded enough to notice how funny this movie is!!! There is a quite defined plot, the actors are great, and the comedy  is dark so expect nothing less, in short it's Funny As Hell!!!
 This movie would have not been half as funny without Cameron Diaz. I Love Cameron'^s ideas for the wedding( like John-John Kennedy), She's very convincing. But there is a little too much dead people, God bless them, thank God, Diaz doesn't die( oufffff)
 I was surprised by the majority of the reviews of this movie. I watched it and laughed the whole way through and half the people on this site thought it was disgusting. I'll grant them that it was gruesome at times, but no worse than some of the other movies out there (Braveheart, Gladiator), but to say the acting was bad? This is perhaps one of Christian Slaters best perfomances, and Cameron Diaz was great too. If you can't realize that this is just a movie and just sit back and enjoy it for what it is, then don't bother. But if you're into  Black Comedies  then you owe it to yourself to watch this.
 This movie is not a comedy ITS A DARK-COMEDY! You have to see it for what it is not what you want it to be. this is for all you "one-star raters about this movie.
 Normally, I wouldn't like a dark comedy like this.  I ended up watching it purely by accident.  I was actually surfing the net, the tv had been left on, and this is what came on next.  I found myself continuing to look up at the movie and the next thing I knew, I had moved to the sofa and watched the entire thing.  Having never heard of the movie before, I didn't even realize it was a comedy til about a half hour in.  Everything goes so horribly wrong and you can see how the two slightly normal, decent guys get swept up into the cover-up that continues to blow up in their faces.  I gasped out loud more times than I could count, and then cracked up.  Every couple of years, I dust it off and watch it again and it gets funnier each time.  There are at least 10 classic lines in this movie, from Cameron Diaz "I will not be common to Christian Slater "I am the Lighthouse and my favorite "I want to hear the truth, and I don't want to hear it from the LIAR  When they are all leaning on the bathroom door, each characters face and behavior is priceless.  We all know people who embody each of the personalities of these characters.  The eager to please but still immature groom, the somewhat shallow, wedding obsessed bride-zilla, the hard working, serious minded suburban dad, his screw up brother, and the party boy, lying, jerk friend of our hubby that will never grow up that we can't stand and wish would just go away.  Also, the drunk/drugged up friends who are so deep, brilliant, cerebral and worst of all, sentimental when they are gorked out.  I know Hangover was the breakout comedy of the year, and it was funny, but I have to say I watched this again last night and laughed til I teared up.  I can't explain it.  It is horrible really, VERY BAD THINGS they did, but there is true cosmic justice, and after all, it is just a movie, for entertainment, not some movie to learn any morals from.  Obviously, the things they did wouldn't be funny in real life.
 About ten years ago, I saw this movie on Comedy Central, absolutely loved it, then forgot about it until Owen Gleiberman mentioned it in a recent-ish issue of Entertainment Weekly.  A lot of people want a feel-good movie when they watch comedies, and Very Bad Things is exactly the opposite.  I really feel terrible, sort of depressed even, after watching it.  But this is definitely what you would call excellent film.  If you want to see distilled essence of the victim story, this is it.  Excellent performances from Cameron Diaz, John Favreau and Christian Slater.  A must for film buffs.
 What distinguishes black comedy from it's more mainstream counterpart is the element of the macabre and disturbing. "Very Bad Things is one of the more disturbing movies I have ever seen--it can be physically uncomfortable to watch the movie, but fascinating nonetheless. Perhaps the prime example of this is the early scene in the movie with the hooker and the man who inspects the noise. The plotline is an interesting concotion. Five friends attend a bachelor's party in a Las Vegas hotel, wherein the prostitute hired for their entertainment is accidentally killed whilst having sex with the brother of the groom. From there the movie spirals into a mess of murder and chaos. The characters exhibit great depth as they attempt to cope with their acts and the attempted coverup, while the act of murder destroys them both inwardly and outwardly, as the tightly-knit group of friends begin to violently turn on each other. There's a notion of either supreme cosmic irony or karma (depending on your point of view) as the last scene fills the screen. Human complexes come to the fore throughout, from Carmen Diaz's unstoppable and insane need to go through with the wedding at whatever cost, to Christian Slater's ego-driven lust for power to the point where power and control is a death urge. In the process, the frailties of each person become absolutely hilarious. The function of humor serves two goals in this movie
 What a wonderful ocassion it is when one can stumble upon an underated movie and get a chance to share it with others ( I played it to my friends and they loved it). Very bad things is a dark satire that has no cliche  whatsoever and keeps the audience on their toes as to the next adventure or  even scene. It moves with a rapid pace through the events of a messed up  bachelor party and its severe consequences.  I loved the way the characters  each percived the event and the way each reacted to it. Terribly wicked and  dark, I love it !
 I love it and so will any other average Antfan. I will give you the track listing, too. Kings of the Wild Frontier, Dog Eat Dog, Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, Ant Rap, Goody Two Shoes, Friend Or Foe, Desparate but not Serious, Puss n` Boots, Strip, Apollo 9, and Vive la Rock. This video is worth every penny, belive me! Once you see him swing those hips and his lovely eyes, you will.
 Adam and The Ants were part of the punk/new wave explosion that took place in the late seventies. Stuart Goddard (aka Adam Ant) and his group were more of a London cult punk band that were in need of modernization as so to speak. Goddard sought out ex-Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren who gave them a new sound and direction. The addition of tribal drums and a Native American theme (tribal costumes and war paint on his face) for Goddard seemed to be what the group needed. McLaren was so impressed with the new sound and look of the band that Bow Wow Wow was formed. Soon after the name Adam and The Ants became the group's name and in 1980 the album "Kings Of The Wild Frontier was released which produced several hits in the U.K. with "Antmusic", and "Dog Eat Dog". The album reached number 1 on the British charts as well. The group had success in Britain and were set to conquer America. With the help of MTV videos such as "Prince Charming", "Stand And Deliver and "Goody Two Shoes", Adam & The Ants finally achieved success. The tribal drums in the mean time were complemented with brass horns. Stuart Goddard also took up acting and has been in numerous movies. This excellent collection contains all the hits starting with "Car Trouble (from "Dirk Wears White Sox L.P.), "Antmusic and "Dog eat Dog (from Kings Of The The Wild Frontier L.P.), "Stand And Deliver and it's b-side gem "Beat My Guest", "Prince Charming (from the Prince Charming L.P.), "Goody Two Shoes", "Desperate But Not Serious and "Friend Or Foe (from the Friend Or Foe L.P.), "Strip and "Puss N' Boots (from the Strip L.P.) and "Vive Le Rock and "Apollo 9 (from the Vive Le Rock L.P.) to name a few. If you enjoy listening to 80's new wave rock then you'll certainly enjoy this excellent collection.
 First time listeners, I wish I were you. Second and more time listeners, you know.This album contains the first songs I ever heard from Adam Ant. I had bought this album twice before and had them promptly stolen. These songs are catchy and fun. Once you hear them, you'll be humming them all day and learning the words just enough to make people ask about the song or questioning if they heard right.I recommend Antics in The Forbidden Zone for all who love something different. Karl
 I loved it! It's been a while since I've seen some of those videos. Adam knows how to entertain! My favorite videos of all time are Stand & Deliver, Prince Charming, Antmusic, Goody Two Shoes, and Desperate but not serious. Adam is the king!!!!
 This is a great compliation of Adam Ant's work.  I have been a fan of Adam's since for about 20 years. In junoir high my bedroom was a shrine to Adam --and the Ants, too! This CD takes me back to my  happy place  where music was still fun.  If you are a fan of Adam Ant you MUST get this CD.  And if you're not very familar with his work, this is a great chance to check it out!
 Antics in the Forbidden Zone, in my opinion covers some of the earlier  hits that didn't get much airplay as well as some that did.  I have been a  fan for 17 years and this album sums up the most artistic decade  (musically) for Adam Ant.  These are the hits that molded an era and are  definately worth a listen.  This is my favorite  hits  album from  this artist.  Antmusic forever!  Adam Ant takes you to another time and  place away from the chaos of reality.  I recommend this album to anyone who  considers themselves an ANTFAN.
 This is a great cd. It`s one I have to listen over and over again, and if your trying to start a collection, this would be a great one to start with. It has a couple of songs off of his first album  Dirk Wears White Sox . Belive you me, those are hard to find! Nothing compares to this album!!
 I was fortunate enough to catch this film at the New York City International Film Festival in August and WOW! The acting is incredible - both Alexia Rasmussen & Kent Moran deliver powerful performances and Cybill Shepherd plays one of the most memorable roles of her career. The film is beautiful made, with scenic shots of New York City and Greenwhich, CT, and a musical score that is up there with two of my personal favorites, Good Will Hunting & Garden State. This is a great film, that pulls you in from the start and never lets go. This is one certainly worth watching again & again! I give it my highest recommendation.
 When i first watched this film,  i had no idea what to expect. but i was pleasantly surprised on how well of a put together  heartfelt story it was. the leads did a great job in their parts and the other cast were great also that rounded it out.cybil shines in  her role and it's the  best i've seen her do in quite sometime.  this is  tearjeaker keep those tissues handy  Highly Recommended film for lovers of tender love stories and overcoming  challenges in life.  it's NR - Not Rated , but it does have some sesuality in a scene and drinking, but a clean flick none the less. i don't think they're any language in it.did'nt hear any.
 this was a random movie I picked out on Netflix to watch and I am so glad I did.  I laughed, I cried, I know it sounds cliche, but what an amazing love story.  Such a great message.
 I cannot say enough good things about the beautifully written story and the wonderful compositions from writer/actor/composer/producer Kent Moran, but gifted and talented would be 2.  This movie is an incredibly woven tale of friendship and love and the wonderful way that music can be felt, not just heard, from our hearts, no matter if we do not even have the ability to hear it with our ears.  The plot develops with a story of a young man who lost his mom.  We are not initially then told the specific type of this particularly terminal illness, only that he nursed her til her through as she fought a five-year long battle with cancer.  We fall in love with this gentle, heartwarming, positive, compassionate soul who's life was changed by a woman who endured so much and remained so grateful for life each day she struggled. He works with his best bud as a waiter at a cafe  and saves every dime he can spare for recording equipment to record his first demo.  He dreams big and works hard at his job to save for his dream, but he does more, he inspires others by his presence, his positivity and his sheer and utter determination to follow his goal of making music that would last forever in people's hearts.  Yes, ***spoiler alert***the ending is definitely a tearjerker but the whole story put together is one of the few stories that changes you, makes you think and appreciate the little things more after watching it. This movie is truly art and I look forward to Mr. Moran's deeper foray into the music world also one day, he has talent and gift that should be shared.
 So I watched this for the first time on netflix on a Sunday when i had nothing else to do. Didn't see myself crying multiple times within the next two hours...but it happened haha. Amazing acting all around, I felt like every character hit the mark just right. Kent Moran who wrote, produced, and acted in this movie is definitely an up and coming star. Not to mention his musical abilities. Definitely a must see movie if you enjoy moving love stories.
 This film FAR exceded my expectations. It takes you on an amazing emotional journey from start to finish. An excellent production and definitely a love story that youll remember! Great soundtrack too!
 I caught this movie today on LMN, when I was channel surfing.  Unfortunately I missed the first 25 minutes.  I tried not to let Kent Moran distract me from the plot, but he's gorgeous.  He's a screenwriter, musician and actor huh?  Not just a pretty face.  Anyways, back to the movie...  It was a movie about real people, that I could relate to.  I'm buying this so I can see what I missed.
 Great movie filmed in New York, directed by Matt Thompson and written by Kent Moran. Scenes were filmed with the 'Red Cam' so it feels like you're right there with the actors. It's a great story about a high society deaf girl (controlled by her mother) and an ordinary 'Joe' (who works for a living) who fall in love. His dream is music and so is hers, even though she can't hear. Make sure to have your tissue ready for it will tug at your heart and the tears will come. It has won many awards in the film festivals throughout the US, one which was 'Best Director' at the Beverly Hills Film Festival. It's another Love Story movie worth watching.
 Few films these days are truly inspired and challenge the viewer to become a better person for having watched the film. This is a rare gem that does just that. This film is crammed full of emotion and heart. It is absolutely a testament to the fact that love, generosity, selflessness, having an appreciation for life and caring for each person we meet will make this world a better place. This film will challenge you to take life and your dreams to the next level. ...And keep those tissues nearby. With this much emotion packed in, you'll definitely need them.
 A well done picture with gifted actors.  The director, Matt Thompson, was able to get the most from his cast.  A touching story which pulls on the heart strings.  I anticipated the ending but a part of me hoped that it would not end that way.  The romantic in me wanted it to be otherwise.
 Listen to Your Heart is a modern day Romeo and Juliet love story with a huge twist. You will enjoy watching the relationships of the characters develop as they overcome life's harsh realities. The music and scenery are breathtaking. A heart-wrenching film!
 I absolutely LOVED this film. A friend and I went to see it at the New York City International Film Festival and we were blown away. This film will tug at your "heart strings. It really is watching a beautiful journey between extraordinary characters. I cannot wait to get my hands on a copy.
 "Listen To Your Heart is a heart warming, emotional story for all young teens as well as the young at heart. It expresses everything from parental overbearingness to Deaf culture.  This is a great teaching aid for Deaf  awarenes, peer pressure, self respect,true friendship and real love.  Simply phenomal.  Make sure you have a large box of kleenex.
 Love this movie! 1.) Emotion...The movie has some characters you will love and cheer for, and some you will hate. 2.) Twists....The movie has a couple of turns that are unpredictable for sure. Without giving them away, this isn't a movie that just starts, tells one plain story, and ends. 3.) Great acting/powerful...You get the feeling that you're watching a real life story play out.  One of my favorite movies, and when I started watching it, I didn't even think I'd like it. Give it a try!
 For me as well, this was a random movie choice on Netflix. I can honestly say this is now in my top 5 favorite movies! I went through just about every emotion possible while watching this movie. The leads are amazing! It starts out a little slow, but it doesn't take long for the actors and the story line to just suck you in. It is an incredibly heartfelt movie and love story with a great message! I would highly recommend this movie to everyone! It's inspirational. And I will be buying it.
 What a wonderful movie. Eye opening would be another word to describe this movie. I have a son that is deaf and I could definatly relate to this. I think anyone who has a child or knows any one that is deaf should see this movie.
 The kind of love that everyone should experience at least once but most never do...  A must see film.
 I loved the movie because it was very decent. In a day when you cannot watch a movie, even a romantic film without there being indecency it was pretty decent. I loved the movie because Danny was very selfless in his love for Sam and they were very committed to one another. I loved that he was very respectful towards her and that he lived life to the fullest. He did not take anything for granted and he never complained. He was very grateful for what he had. And the world was a better place because of him. He influenced so many people- even his boss quit drinking and he was an inspiration. He taught Sam to be independent and to grow up which she needed to do. Her mother was very controlling, maybe as a result of overcompensating for the loss of Sam's dad. But it was not a healthy love. The way Danny loved Sam allowed her to become all that she could be and to live to her fullest potential. It even reminded me of how Christ loved the church and gave Himself for it so that we can become all that we can be.
 I started a new college degree plan with ASL(American Sign Language). I originally saw this movie on Lifetime movie network. I loved it on there, so I wanted the dvd, so I could watch it whenever I wanted to, and now I've seen about 4 times since I got the dvd.
 Though Marengo does not have thousands of titles available, that is what makes them unique.  Each title can have more attention devoted to it and time to find the best elements.  Though this was an early (pre equipment upgrade at Marengo) offering, it is well noted that this copy of "Attack of the Giant Leeches is the best print available on DVD!  It was the first time I was able to see what was happening in dark scenes and the rest is crisp.  Marengo has several horror titles available and many other genera with more on the way - most all double feature at bargain prices without the bargain quality.  As for "A Bucket of Blood", it does have some early splices but again, overall the element was clean and crisp.  A great addition for those who do not have either title.
 When I saw Roger Corman as the executive producer, I had to see this. The movie had his fingerprints all over it. A great cheesy production with drama, poachers, infidelity, jazz records, fat hicks, dashing leading men, and of course giant leeches. Yvette Vickers stars once again as a sleazy woman who likes to dress scantily in front of her husband's buddies and listen to loud jazz. Of course Yvette and her swamp lover Michael Emmet can't run faster than the obese Bruno VeSota can walk. Ken Clark plays the game warden who answers his door exposing his blond hairy chest. The leeches look like men in cheap rubber suits. They keep their prey alive in a cavern and suck blood from them from time to time.  Bad acting and bad script. Great entertainment.
 Actually, this is a pretty good movie...as far as bad movies go.  The primary lead, Ken Clark, had one of the better rolls in South Pacific.  He was also in a few Alfred Hitchcock Presents episodes.  It is funny to know the actors from one roll then see them in a totally different setting.  I kept expecting him to start singing "There is Nothing Like A Dame but he never did.  And the giant leeches are hilarious, like most of the sea monsters of this era...just guys in funny suits.  And it shows.  So have a couple of beers and enjoy the giant leeches led by Stewpot from South Pacific, surrounded by Californians trying to act Southern and doing a bad job of it.
 One of the most funny movies ever. Every time you watch it, you find new things to enjoy. John Cleese is excellent as the typical English lawyer, who is dying to break out of harness of Englishness, Jamie Lee Curtis is the most sexy gangster girl ever and Kevin Kline is the most cliche American hitman you can imagine. There are numberous brilliant and classic scenes, varying from John Cleese who is being disturbed while stripping and spreaking Russianby the new owners of a house he has hired from a friend to Jamie Lee Curtis explaining to the ultra-stupid Kevin Kline that the London Underground is NOT a political movement. And you also learn how to torture a person using only French fries and a pear. So watch it, enjoy it and laugh yourself to pieces.
 This is by far the funniest movie I've ever seen. If you don't find this  movie to be  sinfully funny  you don't have a sense of  humor! Kevin Kline pulled off one of the greatest movie performances of  all-time. He definately deserved his Oscar award for his role as   Don't Call Me Stupid  Otto. John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis  &amp; Michael Palin were magnificent. Even animal lovers will laugh  hysterically at Palin's attempts to  rub out  Cleese's  witness! This movie had so many great zingers (i.e.  I killed for  the C.I.A.!), you'll find yourself laughing 10 years from now just thinking  about  Wanda . If you haven't seen it yet....what are you  waiting for?
 John Cleese was not my favorite member of Monty Python, but he certainly has done the best work since. His wit and slapstick made Faulty Towers a must have. With  Fish  he showed Hollywood he could transfer that  brilliance to the big screen. Cleese stays in the background in this one  allowing most of the big laughs to go to Kline and Palin. There is enough  here for everyone with some slapstick , romantic comedy, and politically  incorectness thrown into this  who gets the girl, who gets the  loot  farce.  Oh, by the way, watching Jamie Lee get all warm and  fuzzy a couple times doesn't hurt none either 
 I laughed until I almost fell out my seat. Its fun to watch a movie when you know the actors are having a good time making a picture. If nothing else watch Kevin Kline in his Academy award winning role that he deserved  hands down.
 This classic 1988 British comedy, which was written by and stars John Cleese (Fawlty Towers, Monty Python), has got to be one of the funniest films of all time, and it is certainly one of my favourites.   Briefly, the story involves four criminals who steal a fortune in diamonds.  One ends up in prison (having been ratted on by two of his not-so-loyal mates); ironically, just prior to his arrest he had secretly taken the jewels and rehidden them.  So the film revolves around the attempts of the others to discover the location of the jewels.   The plot is indeed a good one, but what really makes this film exceptional and so hilarious is the colourful cast of characters and the splendid performances of all involved.  There simply isn't one weak performance here.   The central character is a beautiful and spirited American woman named Wanda (Jamie Lee Curtis), the lone female in the gang and the only intelligent one of the lot.  Wanda's one weakness, however, is her penchant for hearing foreign languages--it's something that really turns her on!  This makes for much hilarity between her and her fellow gangster, Otto (whom Wanda has been trying to pass off as her brother), as Otto rattles off every known Italian food dish, type of cheese, and so on, in his attempts to seduce Wanda.  Otto (Kevin Kline), by the way, is a highly paranoid, Nietzsche-reading yet empty-headed, Anglophobic, trigger-happy lunatic who thinks he's an intellectual and enjoys sniffing his armpits.  He's a flamboyant personality to say the least, and one which Kline manages to carry off wonderfully--I simply cannot imagine anyone doing a better job.  These two are the real powerhouses of the gang.   Then there's poor Ken (Michael Palin (Monty Python)), who's an avid animal lover--a fact which provides the basis for some extremely funny scenes.  He's a humorously pathetic character--a little bit on the simple side with the worst stammer ever, and if  there's a show-stealer (and I say "if for they're all so good), for me it's Ken.  He's simply hilarious, and the interplay between him and the nasty Otto is simply priceless.  (It's a bit like watching a cat relentlessly toying with a poor, helpless little mouse).  Lastly, one mustn't forget John Cleese, who portrays Archie, the rather reserved barrister representing George, the incarcerated gang member, and who, I just have to add, has Wanda in a fit of ecstasy (unbeknownst to himself) in one hilarious scene when he starts spouting Russian.   In conclusion, the film (which has a running time of 108 minutes) is definitely a must-see for fans of British comedy or, for that matter, for anyone looking for a thoroughly entertaining not to mention hilarious film.  I've seen it a number of times and certainly don't regret purchasing it.  It's definitely one to watch and rewatch.  And if you've enjoyed the film, by all means check out Fawlty Towers (also co-written by and starring John Cleese and also featuring an abundance of visual humour).  You'll not regret it--it's simply one of the funniest shows ever made.  And so is this film! Very highly recommended!
 This is serious comedy, that grows on you, but is well off the edge of seriousness.  Kevin Kline, as Jamie Lee Curtis' lover, clearly relishes his role as a faux incestuous paranoid.  A diamond heist is what brings this cast of misfits together in a plot that gets zanier as it develops.  As they each try to out fox the other, a romantic quadrangle develops that ends with an unexpected twist. That's all I can comprehend of this movie in an orderly and coherent fashion.  I love this movie and wish I had the words to say why, but I don't. Five stars!
 I got into Monty Python sometime around last year. I became sort of obsessed and I plan to someday see every movie and book that any of them made. A Fish Called Wanda was one of the movies I had to see. We rented it and I must have watched it 4 times in the first week of having it! Michael has always been one of  my favorite Pythons, but I knew John first because of Fawlty Towers that I watched with my sister on Comedy Central. Apart from the Monty Python movies, this has to be my favorite! I think they all did a great job on it! Next to see
 I've loved this movie for years.  It always cheers me up.  Kevin Kline won a best supporting oscar for this movie.  He is a psuedo intellectual who is jealous of Jamie Lee Curtis's characters crush on John Cleese. Between Kline driving on the wrong side of the road and being a complete idiot.  You will soon discover why this movie is a gem.  Kim Rivest
 A great and funny film.....had to have the latest version and all the extras.  Great fun and classic film comedy.
 Here is a movie that entertains as a movie should instead of  instilling messages
 I am one of those who HATED the whole late night British invasion of late 70s TV, led by Benny Hill and of course Monty Python's Flying Circus. It was inane and droll. Even after a nearly a century, Charlie Chaplin is still cutting edge as far as British humor goes. That's what makes this movie such a delightful surprise. Just like in ARTHUR, British humor is fully realized when Americanized--just like Black humor is best when written by Jews--- and this, combined with John Cleeves's finsest hour, makes this a comedic classic that can go yuk for yuk with any flick!
 This review refers to the 1998 DVD edition of "A Fish Called Wanda"(MGM)  "A Fish Called Wanda is a fabulous romp with a group of jewel thieves, of which the term "honor among thieves has no meaning! At every turn, they are scheming and manipulating the events, as each wants the loot for themselves. The most scheming and manipulating of all is the lone woman of the bunch, who is also the weak spot for all the fellows. Wanda, played impeccably by Jaime Lee Curtis, has these guys falling over themselves trying to get the loot and the girl! Kevin Kline, John Cleese(who also penned the screenplay)and Michael Palin, will have you in stitches with each and every view. Every time I view it I see or hear some little detail or subtlety I didnt get previously.  Nearly 20 years later(yes fans, it's been that long), this film has not lost one bit of it's appeal for those of us that like our humor a little on the bawdy side(Although all in good fun).  But!...Give me a break MGM. This DVD is quite shabby considering the loyal fans this film has.This DVD does have a couple of things going for it. It has the choice of widescreen viewing or standard, has English, and French subtitles, for those who may need them, and includes a booklet with production notes and trivia. Also, the menu page was cute. If you click on the little treasure chest in the aquarium, the screen becomes just the "Wanda fish swimming around with sound effects. However... as another reviewer mentioned the picture is below average. It does not live up to the reason why we don't mind paying a little extra for a DVD vs a VHS. The sound is in MONO..what's up with that? This film is deserving of at least stereo sound.  And as usual, after all of us have already purchased this now classic comedy, MGM is coming up with a new "Deluxe edition, that is more along the lines of what is expected of a DVD.(Talk about double dipping!)It is a 2 disc edition and shows these features
 The movie is in great shape, and the extras are worth the money.  The cast interviews were quite revealing.  Jamie Lee tells who she thinks the best kisser was among Kline, Palin, and Cleese. And you find out if Cleese really was hung out a window or if it was just special effects.  Cleese's running commentary was worth sitting through, even for me, and I usually hate those things.  The deleted scenes weren't very interesting--just shots, really, not even full scenes.  Overall, though, I'm very glad I bought it!
 Classic comedy indeed,starring John Cleese,Jamie Lee Curtis,Michael Palin,and Kevin Kline in a Oscar winning role!!! This great 2-DVD set has a great transfer of the film and a fishbowl(pun intended)of great extras that this classic comedy deserves,it blows the original DVD release out of the water(again pun inteneded)!!! If you like this great comedy gem,then this 2 DVD set is the way to go!!! Very recommended!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
 Michael Palin is the anti-PC, stuttering, animal rights activist, thief, and doggie hitman. Jamie Lee Curtis is sexy (of course), devious, loveable, and a manipulation mastermind. John Cleese is, well, John Cleese. Kevin Kline won an Oscar for his work as a philosophy-reading/mangling, live-fish-eating, ex-CIA thug named Otto. There's a plot involving stolen diamonds and plane tickets to Rio, but, really -- who cares? The joy is in watching four brilliant comic actors, who all obviously enjoy working with one another. The joy, and the laughs, are infectious. Quite simply, "A Fish Called Wanda is the funniest movie of the last 25 years.
 When I saw A FISH CALLED WANDA in the theater back in the late '80s, the only thing that prevented me from staying for another viewing was the ache in my gut from laughing so hard. So, the next day, I coughed up another $4.00(!) just to see it again (remember when going to the movies didn't cost a friggin fortune?). Having this dvd permits me to laugh whenever I'm down or grumpy. Cleese, Curtis, Kline and Palin (with the world's funniest hair-do ever) just worked so well together. The direction was well-paced considering the several subplots. And the transfer from video to dvd is crisp and clear. I know everyone else (with any sense of humor) reviewing this movie is lavishing the same praise but I don't mind repeating them. This is a band wagon worth jumping on.
 Excellent comedies that really work are so very few and far between, but this beauty ranks among the best ever!  Never before has John Cleese thrown so much humanity into a character; when he's smitten with Jamie Lee Curtis'  character, he is absolutely head over heels in love, and it shows, and even  more, it's believable!  His character goes through and exhibits the full  range of human emotions, and Cleese pulls it off masterfully.  Kevin Kline  is at the top of his game in this one--never again will I ever call anyone   stupid,  lest they react like Kline's character does!  Really  one of this country's most under-rated actors (despite the Best Supporting  Actor Oscar for this movie).  And not to be left out, Jamie Lee Curtis and  Michael Palin are SO perfect for their roles--what a riot!  Palin's  character in particular is a real study in bodily disintegration!  No  offense to dog lovers, but Palin's reaction to his attempts at knocking-off  the elderly witness that actually results in the reduction of her band of  pets is comedy at it's finest!  Hilarious and touching all at the same  time, Wanda is a rare gem among recent movies; excellent cast, great  characters, hilarious story line, and dead-on dialogue.  You'll be  snickering long after it's over.  And never again will you look at  fishtanks, fish and chips, or old ladies out walking their little dogs, the  same!  Watch it and you'll completely understand!
 I don't know a funnier movie, and certainly no other one that gets better after the fifth time. Kevin Kline is the greatest, I didn't even know him as a clown before. From John Cleese we wouldn't have expected anything else. Don't forget Wanda, of course. I mean the fish. Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis are an American gangster couple in London, who are involved in a heist gone sour and who try to enlist Cleese, who is the usual half witted upper class Englishman, here a barrister, in salvaging what they can from the logistical disaster. Cleese falls in love with Curtis and gets in trouble with his family, predictably. Michael Palin is also there, a linguistically challenged minor gangster, best as dog hitman, but also great with French fries, known as chips. Otto is Italian, it means eight. Says Kline.
 I am delighted to say that I, also, got an accidental copy of the Deluxe Edition before the release date was pushed back.  I am even more delighted to say that "A Fish Called Wanda has finally gotten the special attention it so greatly deserves.  A masterpiece of hilarity, "Fish is one of the rare films that managed to be wonderfully mean spirited (in the best way possible), truly subversive for a mainstream movie, and utterly hysterical.  The fact that it was a commerical success amazes me to this day.  Add to that, an Oscar for Kevin Kline--and I have to confess that Hollywood sometimes gets it right.  If you haven't seen the film in a while, you're in for a treat.  It's as good as you remember--smart and clever--it takes it's comedy seriously.  It's fast, furious and takes no prisoners.  And it never dumbs itself down like so many "comedies".  John Cleese is awesome in his best leading performance.  Michael Palin takes a character that would be a PC nightmare in the age of family-friendly homogenization and mines comic gold.  Kevin Kline--let's just say the Academy Award says everything it needs to.  And Jamie Lee Curtis is brilliant.  She is so underrated as an actress, but every few years connects so vividly--"Fish", "True Lies and "Freaky Friday most noticably.  You know any commentary by Cleese is going to be a winner.  Add the deleted scenes, featurettes, and other Cleese clips--and this is a tremendous find for fans of the movie.  I just hope you enjoy it as much as I did!  KGHarris, 9/06.
 I didn't think that I was going to adore this movie as much as I do; don't really know why, but my expectations were rather low.  I know, Kline had won the Oscar and so maybe that should have sparked a little more interest, or at least faith in me, but I still saw this as a movie I was going to be mildly enthused about at best.  I was so wrong, for as the film started rapidly drawing to a close I found myself uttering aloud "this movie is outrageous and I meant that in a wildly good way.  The film tells the story of American jewel thief Wanda who uses her charm to seduce men whom she needs in order to get her hands on some very valuable diamonds.  Her lover Georges and his stuttering companion Ken help Wanda steal the jewels with the aid of Otto, another man whom Wanda has seduced and is passing off as her brother.  She has deceived each man into believing that her intentions are to share the jewels with them, when her intention is to take them for herself.  When Georges is captured by the police after moving the diamonds away from their initial hiding place Wanda begins to set her charms on Archie Leach, Georges barrister, hoping to find out the new location of the diamonds.  All the while she continues to string along each individual man, adding layer upon layer of lies to keep them pacified until she has all her ducks in a row so-to-speak.  But nothing ever works out as expected.  The film is hilarious from start to finish, a complete laugh-riot, and the performances by the entire cast are Oscar worthy.  Jamie Lee Curtis is adorable here, delivering what may be her finest performance ever.  She is sly, conniving, sexy and charming; never allowing her characters tricks to overshadow her performance but always playing to her strengths and delivering a brilliantly crafted comedic performance.  Michael Palin is also rather great as Ken, and Maria Aitken has a very memorable supporting role as Archie's wife Wendy.  John Cleese is golden as Archie, the lovelorn barrister who falls for Wanda's undeniable charm; but it is Kevin Kline (Oscar winner Kevin Kline) who steals this movie with his comedic delivery.  He is one-hundred percent on the top of his game here, delivering a strangely perverse yet fully fleshed out character who is unforgettable to say the least.  Oh yeah, and he is so the leading male character here, regardless of whose name gets top billing.  `A Fish Called Wanda' is, without doubt, one of the best films of 1988, and it is seriously one of the greatest comedies I have seen in a long time.  It hits every mark beautifully and creates an eclectic cast of characters who all feel real and all feel complete.  Oscar hit a high note when crowning Kline an Oscar winner; it's just too bad it was in the wrong category.
 A wicked Ealing Comedy about twenty-five years after producer Michael Balcom stopped making them, "Wanda is the inspired brainchild of John Cleese and director Charles Crichton (who directed such Ealing classics as "The Lavendar Hill Mob"). One part caper, one part sexy romance, two parts farce, three parts black humor, and altogether delightful. Even the actors with the smallest roles are hilarious, and the four principals--Cleese and Palin (the Brits), Curtis and Kline (the Yanks)--are gloriously funny. The Deluxe Edition is brimming with outtakes, commentary, and all that's needed to justify the price. But remember
 This is an absolutely wonderful wacky movie, one of the funniest movies of the 1980s. It all has to do with a jewell heist and then some double crossings among the thieves, with a barrister (John Cleese)(it takes place in London) getting involved. The characters are what make the movie
 funniest movie ever! from ken's stutter to wanda's foreign language fetish to otto's bad driving, this movie would make anyone laugh (except maybe  poodle lovers)!
 Hard to believe it was nearly 20 years ago, but it is great to see "A Fish Called Wanda finally being given the attention it deserves.  This was Cleese and Palin at their best, with fine performances from Kevin Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis, in this hilarious romp.  Kline is a veritable chameleon, able to turn in unique performances in one movie after another, but he never played someone quite like Otto.  He and Palin had so many memorable moments together, not least of all the closing scene.  This movie will leave you in stitches.
 I just watched it again after many years and I still love it, which means its a classic as it stands the test of time.  Highly recommended with people with a senses of humor...
 A ordered the 2-Disc Collector's Edition of A Fish Called Wanda.  What a hoot!  I had a movie night with my husband, best friend and her husband (we had seen the movie together when it was first released) and our daughters in their late teens.  We all laughed out loud!  Jamie Lee Curtis is gorgeous, Kevin Kline is hysterical and John Cleese is just lovable.  The quality was very good.  I did not experience any problems at all with sound as a couple of people posted.  This I believe was the most recent re-release of the DVD.  I could have skipped the 2nd collector's DVD in the pack.  Some of it was entertaining, but very slow to watch.  Can't see that I would care to watch that part of it again.  I'm very happy to have the movie as part of my collection.  Absolutely recommend!
 This is a great set of CD's. The disc describing the making of the movie is as amuzing as the movie itself.  The story line of the movie is a typical example of English odd ball humor. No Amercan writer could have possibly invented it.  Not many comedies can be viewed more than once but this one will make you laugh no matter how many times you view it.
 For the fan of classic Cleese, you will not be disappointed.  This movie is blessed with a spectacular cast and a superb script.  The comic timing and sheer talent of the cast, make this one of the most enjoyable movies I've ever watched.  There are so many memorable scenes in this movie, it is difficult to describe without resorting to spoilers.  One thing I will say, however, is that this film has made an indellible impact on my family.  Hardly a family gathering will go by, without someone saying, "Oh do shut up, Porche!  Some of the most hilarious scenes, in my opinion, are between Otto (Kevin Kline) and Ken (Micheal Palin).  Strangely, even though the character's are supposed to be a band of thieves, you can't help but almost root for this gang of underdogs.  Speaking of Dogs, some of the scenes may not appeal to animal lovers.  However, these scenes are handled in a fairly cartoonish and very "Monty Python fashion, so I don't think they will insult the sensibilities of most viewers.  This movie was given an R rating, mostly for dialog and a brief view of Cleese's buttocks, but I doubt that it would even receive a PG-13 rating now.  While it is not a movie I'd recommend for young children, as the humor is likely to be over their heads, I recommend this as one of the funniest movies I've seen in the last 15 years!
 A great movie with a fabulous cast.  Super-funny and never lets up with the humor.  I enjoy watching again and again.
 True to form, the cast of characters in this film deliver a hilarious performance.  A great 'pick-me-up' when you need to be entertained.  John, Jamie, and Kevin play very well off of each other.  I would love to see them do something together again.
 "A Fish Called Wanda is a hilarious comedy which brings out some of the cardinal vices in people including avarice, murder, lust, envy, greed and revenge. The cast is excellent and the movie is fun throughout.  The story starts with four people engaged in a jewellery robbery. The four, George (Tom Georgeson), sexy Wanda (Jamie Leigh Curtis), the stammering animal loving hit man Ken (Michael Palin) and Wanda's brother Otto (Kevin Kline) all want the loot for themselves. From this, an excellent plot is woven into a brilliant and exceptional comedy that is among my favourites of all time.  George finds himself in prison, betrayed by his accomplices. The conservative lawyer, Archie Leach (John Cleese) has the duty to defend George. However, he is mesmerised and seduced by Wanda, resulting in him compromising his professionalism and getting deeply mired in the mess.  When you are feeling down and need something to uplift or cheer you up, this DVD will do the trick.
 This is a heart-warming piece of gem and still is today with memorable and outrageous performances by all the characters in the film. The film has all the makings of an unforgettable comedy classic
 This is an hilarious motion picture.  The cast is marvelous.  Jamie Lee Curtis is outstanding, as is Kevin Kline.  John Cleese does a masterful job as a stuffy, English barrister.  He also wrote the screenplay.  The plot is great and the entire movie is full of hilarious scenes.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 This is one of the funniest movies of the eighties and it is the last true hurrah for Monty Python.  John Cleese (who must have been about fifty at the time) wrote the script himself.  It is filled with great little catch-phrases
 This DVD is a must-have if you're a Monty Python fan.  I loved this move when it came out at the cinema years ago.  This movie is clever and hilarious.  John Cleese is at his best, as is Kevin Kline.  I've never gotten tired of this movie, and it never fails to get me laughing out-loud.  Wish more were like this one, and I'm glad it's on a DVD.
 I still cackle every time I watch  Wanda  with its screwball story, its zany characters and its funny one-liners that get me every time.  The ensemble cast is tremendous, with Kevin Kline in his all time film role (and OScar winner) as Otto, while Jamie Lee Curtis proves her own comedic mettle in her scene-chewing moments with Cleese and Palin.  The dialogue is simply hysterical, and still likeable, which I think is truly rare in a film.  Without all that much gimmickry, the cast and plot work without a hitch (or rather, with so many hitches, your head'll be swimming with possibilities!)  But certain scenes are standouts - the dropping pianos, the language fetishes, and especially the interplay between Kline and Palin, who lash out at each other in unpredictable, pure comedy heaven moments!  You're guaranteed to love this  Wanda-r  - she's something else!
 A Fish Called Wanda may be crude, but it is really a romantic comedy in the old fashioned sense of the word. It contains all the neccesary romance elements
 This movie is absolutely, positively deserving of a double-dip. The first disc that came out was not only non-anamorphic, it was pan & scan. The movie should have never been released in that format to begin with.
 This DVD was supposed to be released yesterday, August 1, 2006, but all of a sudden it's been pulled. No explanation for what happened. You can't order it, preorder it, nothing. I've been looking forward to the release of this movie, one of the all-time great comedies, with the fantastic attendant extras, for months now, but for some reason nothing happened. I hope it's not yet another case of a brilliant but temperamental artist losing his nerve at the last minute and holding this thing up just to be contrary. Damn geniuses . . .
 I seen this when it first came out in the theaters and I was laughing so much,tears were running down my face.The great thing about this movie and so many like it,is that it still holds up.It's not dated.Great writing,pacing and directing throughout..Wonderful cast...It's got a little bit of Python thrown in as well...How can you go wrong? You can't! I'm looking forward to the all of the extras,too...This is Cleese's finest hour,since leaving Python and Fawlty Towers....BUY THIS!!!
 Mr. Kline is a great actor in everything he is in and he's in this with Michael Palin and Jamie Lee Curtis. "A Fish Called Wanda is very good. I can't really think of much to say about this movie, but just that it's cool. That's all I can really say to describe this movie. It is not boring, or anything either. You will be entertained the whole time!
 What can I say this is a very funny film.  Don't waste time reading about it.  Buy or rent it and watch it.  You will not be disappointed.
 These four actors have such a great chemistry.  I also have Fierce Creatures which I love.  I wish they would make more movies together.
 I  just loved this movie.  I watch it over again every so often and I laugh almost as hard as the first time I saw it.  I have bought copies of it for my son and my granddaughter.  It is a really funny English comedy
 Featuring two of the cast members of Monty Python, this movie is bound to be a delight.  The lineup of Cleese, Palin, Kline, and Curtis make for a delightful couple of hours as they romp through this zany, somewhat vulgar, and hilarious plot.
 Because of "A Fish Called Wanda I collapsed into laughter whenever I saw anyone walking three dogs. Many years later I still note a dog walker of any gender or quantity and smile. Because of this movie, whenever I walk down an airport concourse and glance out to see a tarmac with equipment, I start to grin. Lord know what Homeland Security reads into this! There are scenes that I fear are etched into my psyche forever. An perfectly trivial apology brings an image of someone dangling out of a window. Sturdy french fries on a plate - well, let's not go there. I was sure I had this, albeit VHS. I AM sure I have it. Somewhere. But a recent down day called for Chicken Soup for the Soul - and "A Fish... absolutely fits. Alas!!! I couldn't find it!! It was like not having aspirin in the medicine cabinet. I must buy the DVD. I don't want to get caught without it again.
 So often when I go back and watch again a movie that I enjoyed long ago I find that it doesn't seem so good anymore.  But this movie is still hysterical!  Kevin Kline, in particular, is an absolute riot, but John Cleese and Jamie Lee Curtis are both great, too.  If you are in the mood for some wild, silly humor, you could hardly do better than this.
 Saw this movie years ago, and decided to have it for my collection. It's still a great movie.  John Cleese and Kevin Kline are geniuses.
 This film "A FISH CALLED WANDA' is a must have. It is funny, smart. I have only had this copy for a ashort time and have viewed it twice.
 "A Fish Called Wanda is considered a classic British comedy with American stars like Jamie Lee Curtis and Kevin Kline as Wanda and Otto, two American con-artists, along with British actors and Monty Python alums, John Cleese, and Michael Palin. Cleese played British barrister, Archie Leach, who is enticed by Wanda Gurwitz. Wanda and Otto have even their partners conned into thinking that they're brother and sister as well. Michael Palin played stuttering Ken whose main mission is to off Ms. Coady played by the wonderful actress, Patricia Hayes. The film was written, produced, and co-directed by John Cleese and the late Charles Crichton.  Anyway, the cast is first rate and the writing as well. The direction is brilliant. Of course, BAFTAs went to John Cleese (lead actor) and Michael Palin (supporting actor) and an Academy Award for Actor in a Supporting Role to Kevin Kline's unforgettable performance as Otto. In my opinion, Kline steals the film most of the time but they're all scene stealers. Kline's Otto believes he's smarter than everybody else especially the British. Jamie Lee Curtis is also unforgettable and believable as the woman who is crossing everybody else in the film for the jewels.  The first CD is the film. The second CD is the special features which include the making of the film; a message from John Cleese when the film was released; Robert Powell exploring the locations where the film was shot; the inception and completion of the film; alternate and deleted scenes with John Cleese pointing them out. I would have liked to have seen the Academy Awards clips when Kevin Kline won and accepted his award.
 I first watched "A Fish Called Wanda in about 1990 on a VHS tape. A lady friend at the time said is was very funny and I was sure to like it. Well, I think that set up some resistance and it took about a third of the movie to finally win me over. But win me over, it did. What an astonishing and absurd comedy! John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis and all of the supporting cast are wonderful. The writing is exceptionally good. It's a fun movie to watch in a rich subtle way and the laughs are plentiful and deep in the old British comedy tradition.  My wife and I now have the DVD and we've watched it twice and enjoyed it both times. This movie is amazing. Watch it and enjoy. When the memory somewhat fades, watch it again. It's a movie that can be repeated over and over.  Gary Peterson
 I love this movie and as far as comedies go its a 10 out of 10 . Kevin Kline is fantastic and I dont think that this movie would be near as good without him . Kline really does steel the show but others such as Curtis , Cleese , and Palin are good also . I laughed from start to finish .
 The best Monty Pyhton film that the group did not make.  You should watch this film just for Kevin Kline's Oscar-winning performance.  This a comedy classic!
 This film has a great team of actors that will turn up again in the film "Fierce Creatures.  Three professional criminals including Georges (Tom Georgeson) set out to steel some diamonds. They need a fourth person with martial or weapons skills. This person Otto (Kevin Kline) is Wanda's (Jamie Lee Curtis) supposed brother.  Each criminal then covets the pilfered plunder individually. Wanda has the upper hand until the diamonds are not where they are supposed to be.  The only way to obtain their location is for Wanda to rub up against Georges' barrister, Archie Leach (John Cleese.) This close encounter irks Otto. This creates a pericoloso situation.  Will the diamonds be found and by whom?  The character interaction and one-liners make the movie.  <a href="http
 One of the funniest movies ever made, and a must-have for any fan of Cleese, Palin, Curtis, or Kline.  How many comedies do you know that win the best-actor Oscar?
 The Bottom Line
 Monty Python's John Cleese once again offers up a spectacular example of what makes him such a revered comedic force.  Written by Cleese and set in London, this comedy has the drama of a bank robbery and subsequent legal proceedings and a romantic twist.  Yet, this is not a "chick flick by any means.  Cleese's Monty Python buddy Michael Palin delivers a stellar performance as the stuttering hold-up sidekick, as JC plays the barrister (defense lawyer) for the man who organized the robbery.  Again...since Cleese wrote it and sets it in London, there are only 2 American main characters (which in typical British form) Cleese busts on by giving them playfully negative American stereotypes
 The characters in this film are despicable, back-stabbing, liars.  One is a manipulative vixen who'll use sex to get what she wants.  One is a hit-man who loves animals but is perfectly willing to kill an old lady.  One is the ultimate "ugly American who is ultra-"stupid", vulgar, and in love with himself.  Finally, there is the respectable British lawyer who takes all but 2 seconds to decide to throw away his marriage and go after the young temptress.  Oh, by the way, I absolutely love this movie.  Kevin Kline incredibly, manages to steal the comic thunder from the two veteran Monty Python players.  It's really too bad that they never made another movie with Kline's Otto character.
 This movie is a flawlesly funny film. Kevin Kline is drop to the floor hilarious in this movie. It is a well written, well acted movie that is as funny the 30th time around as it was the first time. One of the all time great comedies.
 This film is just another example why that small island off the coast of Europe is one of the top producers of some great understated humor! Top marks around for all hands!
 This film is a piece of art. Every time I see it I find something new to laugh at.  This is not a Monty Python film, even if both John Cleese and Micahel Palin act in it.  The first time I saw it I was disappointed
 John Cleese a veteran of that famous ensemble , Kevin Kline who won an academy Award by this role and Jamie Lee Curtis star possibly one of the top comedies of that decade (together with Buffet froid and Consuming passions) with irreverent doses of black humour and unexpected situations. You are forewarned about Wanda who has something under his hat that eventually can offend you.
 Filmaking is alive and well in modern Israel. This is a lively, chaotic and totally charming story of the rough and seedy side of Tel Aviv, where illegal immigrants are exploited for their labor by Shimi, a tough capitalist with a heart of gold. There are many pungent personalities, family conflicts, and a moral challenge to the protagonist, who learns to sell out his spiritual quest for a quick buck - at least for a while. A very Israeli take on itself, where everyone is always striving to capture some small advantage however they can. The acting is uniformly superb. Very funny and teaches more about contemporary Israel than fifty books about the Palestine conflict.  Highly recommended.
 There are many of us who believe we are put on this earth to learn and to progress - this is a story of a young pastor sent on a pilgrimage who encounters some unexpected twists in his journey. At first, he takes them at face value - but the he learns how he can turn the situation to his advantage. He doesn't *quite* compromise his ethics but he comes close - and he realizes in the end that there are far more important things than the rewards that progress in a capitalist system can bring.
 i really enjoyed this movie. it is allegorical and deals with the problems in serving both god and money. it is brilliant and beautiful and well made and well thought-out. u will be enlightened. truly brilliant adaption of an important theme and quintissential ideas.
 With a soundtrack featuring music by Ehud Banai, Gil Smetana, and Noam Halevi, Mr. Alexandrowicz, who is known for his documentary, THE INNER TOUR, has recruited Siyabonga Melongisi Shibe and Hugh Masebenza from South Africa, to tell a witty story of NOT BEING A FRIAR/FRYER in Israel; the worst of fates.  A generation ago, a film based on Ephraim Kishon's SALLAH character, told the story of a Mizrahi Jewish immigrant to Israel who took the worst jobs and poked fun at Israeli society and the JNF.  It is now the turn of these guest workers to do the same thing.  And in this story, Sallah is now an old, fully absorbed, retired man, who can now take advantage of the people on the lowest immigration rung.  In this story, JAMES arrives at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel.. He is making pilgrimage to the Holy Land for his fictional township, Entshongweniin, in Africa, where he will become a spiritual leader upon his return.  They think of Israel as the biblical place.  He is immediately arrested as a presumed illegal worker (Actually, when one of the actor sarrived from South Africa to perform in the film, he was arrested and held at the Ben Gurion airport, assumed to be not a tourist but an illegal worker. He had to be bailed out.)  In the film, he prays for deliverance and gets miraculously bailed out; and his adventures as a indebted segregated worker and cleaner begin.  Will he ever make it to Jerusalem?  Or will he stay on the coastal plain to make more $$?  Will his pastor take advantage of him?  Or will he take advantage of others?  Will his dashiki win out over a nice polo shirt and khakis?  Will Shimi's father, Sallah, sell out to real estate interests?
 My copy DOES have the full-screen/wide-screen options and both are working fine - wish all dvd's had this choice.  Two great movies, if you enjoy thrillers, at a great price!
 I will only review one of the films
 I was very impressed with this movie.  The movie is deftly nuanced & paced with the personal & historical details.  It's a challenge to present such a significant topic, but Oliver Stone succeeds in peopling & scripting this movie with believable characters which i think is harder to do when portraying real life contemporary persons.  Plus the selections of events both big & small fit well to make the whole story understandable.  It would have been easy to get lost in either the personal or political events but again the editing & pacing is perfect here in presenting a coherent & entertaining film.  And at the center is a tour de force portrayal by Josh Brolin who here is plays George W. as a believable man, neither shrill nor wooden.  It's a rich & balanced film, with humor & reverence that makes me want to watch it repeatedly to catch all the details.
 I found the movie quite accurate in a macro sense.  All of the things depicted and the things said were actually done and said, but not necessarily in the specific context and order of the movie.  It's macro-accurate but micro-inaccurate.
 Oliver Stone's latest film, W. is one that will, not surprisingly, attract a lot of controversy. How you feel about it will likely depend on your political views. Me, well, I'm a total flaming liberal, and I found the movie... enjoyable. Great, but not perfect.  The movie might as well be called "George W Lives in His Daddy's Shadow", since most of the movie centers around the feelings of inadequacy that young W feels. We see him going through hazing at his fraternity, running for office in Texas (and having the Democratic candidate to him what he would go on to do to others so very well), and eventually see him getting to the White House.  One at the White House much of the story centers around the lead up to the Iraq War. We get glimpses back to the early 1990's showing why the first President Bush didn't go all the way to Baghdad, we see George Tennant (played by the wonderful Bruce McGill, who could also play a dandy Bill Richardson), trying to explain, repeatedly, that there's no evidence of nukes in Iraq, and we see Cheney's master plan for the USA to control as much of the world's oil as we can.  Josh Brolin is really excellent as W. He doesn't have the look, but rather like Anthony Hopkins in one of Oliver Stone's other, better films, Nixon, he does capture the body language and the voice of Bush 43. Other notable performances are Jeffery Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfus as Dick Cheney and, in one of his better performances, James Cromwell as Bush 41.  The movie lags at parts and frankly I would've liked to have seen more about Bush as President than Bush as booze-hound or Bush as born again Christian. Still and all, it was a decent enough film and worth seeing, if for no other reason than my favorite line from the film where Bush Sr tells W something along the lines of, "You can't spend your life drinking, partying and chasing women! You're not a Kennedy, for God's sake!  And he's right. George W Bush is many, many things, but he's certainly no Kennedy.
 Josh Brolin, of all people, did a spectacular job of playing George W. Bush for starters. Lots of conjecture here, but it's a damn fine flick as to covering the life of George "W to say the least.  Shows his father as a person who looked down on his oldest son with no respect or god forbid build his son up with a compliment... Appears to me that Jeb Bush was to be the chosen one.....  George Sr. comes across as thin skinned in a big way.....  Very, very interesting movie, whether you're a liberal or a conservative. My wife and I originally saw this at the movies....
 I came to Oliver Stones "W with any number of preconceptions, many of them not helped by an early trailer which made the entire exercise look like a parody of the man and his presidency; and while it's true, the film does contain satirical elements, I didn't consider them to be at the man's expense. True, the notorious pretzel incident is re-enacted; yes, we are treated to the sight of a tipsy Bush dancing on a bar and, yes, the wilderness years of his youth are examined in no small amount of detail. But this film, which simultaneously explores Bush's ascendancy from Yale pledge to CIC and the machinations of his administration during the run-up to the Iraq war, is a hypnotically fascinating, even-handed and highly intelligent piece of film-making which is far more than just a satirical biopic.  Oliver Stone has always been a film-maker I can take or leave. At his best, he can be an incisive explorer of cultural zeitgeist, at his worst he is little better than an exploitation film-maker; his output over the last couple of years has veered wildly between these two polarities, but with "Bush he really has hit a home-run. There is no doubt in my mind that this is probably due to Stanley Weiser's excellent script and Josh Brolin's astonishing turn as the man himself (and if Brolin doesn't get an Oscar for this, it will only be due to the academy's cowardice). Stone has always been a film-maker who uses broad mythic sweeps in order to reveal a greater personal truth about his subject matter, and, once again, he doesn't resist that tendency here. Brolin's Bush begins his life as a man struggling with both the expectations impressed upon him by his birth into a dynastic political legacy and the passive disapproval of his father; the story then is essentially a tale of the son attempting to seek the approval of (and then usurp) the father's authority. But if this sounds like a deeply simplistic rendering of the complexities of a modern American figure, let me assure you that this is only the spine of a story on which Stone hangs the flesh of a sympathetic and even-handed treatment of the man.  Stone's examinations of the conflicts, resentments and motivations within the Bush cabinet are as fascinating as his portrait of the man himself. Those who ascribe to the theory that the entire Bush presidency was in fact a case of "the tail wagging the dog will no doubt appreciate Richard Dreyfuss' brilliantly subtle turn as a vaguely Machiavellian Dick Cheney (referred to throughout the film as "Vice") but the film stops significantly short of painting him outright as the sinister puppet-master pulling all of the strings; and while possibly the film's best scene -  in which, during the course of a situation meeting,  Jeffrey Wright's superbly gruff Colin Powell questions the motivations of invading Iraq only to have Dreyfuss' Cheney illustrate them in unflinchingly certain terms -  is undoubtedly mythologizing, but one finds it virtually impossible to deny, given the well-documented differences in both ideology and policy that existed between Powell and Cheney, that discussions and disagreements of this nature undoubtedly took place.  There are no villains in "W"; merely people attempting to make the best decisions that they can with the information that they have (or more significantly, haven't) got at the time. The film doesn't excuse or condone the actions of the Bush administration in regard to declaring a probably illegal war on a Iraq on the pretext of it's possession of nebulous WMDs, but it does give you an insight into the thinking behind those decisions.  "W ends on a brilliantly ambiguous final shot which is a superbly sympathetic and utterly fitting metaphor for Bush as a man, a president, and, most poignantly, a misguided architect of a war declared on a spurious pretext which still grinds inexorably on to this day.
 I'm an Oliver Stone fan, and i had some questions regarding his Bio-picture of George Bush while Bush was still in office. The film overall was fantastic.  W. was a great movie. Josh Brolin was excellent as our 43th president, getting many of his manerisms down. The film overall revolves around the times and life of Bush, from his fraternity days, to his days working on an oil rig, to owning the Texas Rangers, becoming a christian, declaring "jesus day in Texas as the Gov, and his 1st campaign run.  You really see from the film the pressure that Bush felt with never living up to his father's standards, which Jeb Bush did. Bush wasn't the smartest man in the world, let alone in the family, but he was sincerce, honest, and incredibly loyal to his father, who consistently reminds him that he's disappointed in him.  Throughout the film, it is made clear that Bush loves baseball, and if he had a say so, he would have been MLB commish instead of President of the United States. He is shown several times throughout the movie at the baseball stadium playing center fielder and getting a standing ovation to an empty stadium. It was his dream, a dream that never happened.  Instead, Bush went on to help his father run for President in 1988, and again in 1992. Following his loss to Clinton, Bush become agitated that his father didn't attack and go after Clinton the way he would have, and this sets up Bush's run at the governor's spot in Texas and eventually his run for the President. It was all to avenge his father and try a bit to live up to this standards.  The film has a very interesting exchange with Bush and his cabinet regarding the upcoming war in Iraq and the possiblity of setting up an American Empire (to ensure that the USA would never be messed with again).  finally, the film delves into the missing weapons of mass destruction. Bush, under the advise of his cabinet that despite proof, but rather based on possiblity, there was a chance that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction. Once it was discovered that nothing was found, Bush had no choice but to tell the people what they didn't want to hear, that he went on the advice of his people and that the Congress voted on the same evidence (or lack of) that he had.  Overall, the film is interesting and solid. Once again, Oliver Stone has assembled an all-star cast, and none disappoint in the film.
 After having watched this film, I have concluded that it is not Anti-Bush nor is it Pro-Bush. The film depicted the former President as a very compassionate individual with the ability to connect to people all across the nation. Also, the film does display moments of where the Former President has his doubts and encounters situations that puts him in a position of uncertainty, such as the ongoing war with Iraq. Iraq was primarily the main focus of the film as it displays how the Bush Administration had dug themselves in a hole with false reports of WMDs being possessed in the middle-east and how they have managed to lose the public opinion on the the war itself. Overall, I've enjoyed this film as I have always been fascinated of just how the now-former-President, had ever came to be the President in the first place. Hindsight, sure has a way with a tragic comedy.
 The impression of George Bush is incredibly accurate.  It is a mean but, I believe, accurate portrayal.
 Not surprised.  Excellent.  Acting was outstanding.  It was like the character blanks were filled in.
 This movie was brilliant, like most of Oliver Stone's films.  Oliver Stone found a way to portray the cocky "ignorance of this being, in a very "diplomatic way.  I sense that his portrayal of "W. as being a "lost soul was his way of making the horrible damage that this man did to our country, somehow more palatable.  Because had he not given him this fictitious slant, the truth of him would have been too much to take . .  what with the depressed state that most of us are living in now, due to this man's gross "ignorance".
 I actually liked W. more than Milk.  Both are political bio-pics.  However, W. focused more on the character of President Bush and Milk focused more on the political career of Harvey Milk.  I just found Milk to be too linear in its narrative scope and as a result, not very absorbing.  I liked how W. jumped around in time, revealing a key moment of President Bush's character development.  It was like watching a Greek tragedy or a Shakespearean play.  Furthermore, I thought Josh Brolin's interpretation of President Bush was much better than Sean Penn's rendition of Harvey Milk.  As I said before, I'll take W. over Milk anyday.
 i really enjoyed this movie. its well directed and the ensemble cast is uniformly excellent. while the movie works as fine docudrama about the events that made Bush who he is, it also works as a biting satire on the sheer stupidity of our government's decision making process. while the film is not without its flaws, mainly, the pacing and lack of a crystal clear focus, this is an excellent film which needs to be seen for Josh Brolin's performance alone. Oliver Stone is getting his career back on track.
 I hate George W. Bush as a president. He has done more to divide us as a country and tarnish our reputation around the world than even Nixon. He deserves far worse treatment than he's given in W. However, that treatment has been dished out in so many documentaries over the years that it has become trite. For Stone to make that type of film at this point would be just as trite. It's easy to to condemn his empathetic exploration as some sort of pardoning or endorsement of what Bush has done. That is not at all the point the point of this  film. Stone has repeatedly criticized Bush on his actions. He calls on those actions in the film as well. It might not be as heavy handed as most of us want but it is indeed there. I judge a film by how much I get absorbed by it and W had me quite engaged. The acting, directing, writing, and cinematography are all solid. There are flaws. It could have dug deeper into significant events. Still, I highly recommend it.
 This well crafted fascinating movie with bravura performances by all should have been awarded the best movie of the year. Josh Brolin's performance as George W. Bush was outstanding and the performance of Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney was a pleasant surprise. As much as I dislike the worst President and Vice President in history Bush and Cheney, I didn't want to be reminded of what total lowlife scum they are and how they hurt us, our country and worldwide reputation, but enjoyed this amusing and entertaining movie. Put this one on the top of your list to see!
 "W. is brilliant! This is how the story goes
 GODDE!  No wonder the boy has problems ..... excellent nod to Stone / Brolin / Dreyfuss [Yechhhhhhh!] / Cromwell et al .....  This one MUST be the sequel to "Doctor Strangelove - not so ~ maybe even "What DID you do in the War daddy"???  Trainwreck upon trainwreck - the look on Tony Blair's face when he "understands that the 'pond' is now an ocean - is riveting!  THANDIE NEWTON as "Condi is spot on ..... nod to the Academy???? [Wake up Boys!]  reminds me of my days with Claudius or Maria Antonia ....  HUGE FUN - HUGE HUGS FOR ALL INVOLVED....  and perhaps Bushie is the very last president of the U of SA........
 Oliver Stone's "W. is one of the year's most absorbing films, and that's because, as the tagline suggests, it reveals that George W. Bush has been greatly misunderestimated. Watching this film, we see not the forty-third President of the United States, the former Governor of Texas, or even a politician in general. From my perspective, we're being told about an insecure man who reaches too far in an attempt to earn his father's approval. This movie is not a political commentary--it's a character study. Better still, it's a character study that's more or less historically accurate, with Stone and writer Stanley Weisner relying on published works and in-depth reports for the screenplay. Liberties were obviously taken; after all, there's no way anyone could know exactly what was said behind closed doors. But all the basic scenarios are well documented, which is to say that the film never once felt contrived. The end result is a compelling, complex, and occasionally funny examination of a person who always has something to prove.  Josh Brolin is perfectly cast as the title character, flawlessly capturing the mannerisms and diction we've become so familiar with over the last eight years. We see him as a determined but incompetent man who claws his way up to the presidency without the necessary skills. Pay close attention to scenes featuring W. in staff meetings; it quickly becomes clear that political heavyweights like Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss), Karl Rove (Toby Jones), Condoleeza Rice (Thandie Newton), Colin Powell (Jeffrey Wright), and even the infuriated Donald Rumsfeld (Scott Glenn) are making all the important decisions. As for W., well, let us not forget that the real President Bush publicly declared that his faith in God influenced his foreign policy decisions. In the film, he ends every meeting by having everyone bow their heads in prayer; I expected nothing less from a man who found God at age forty, when he was in the thick of his AA treatment. In 1999, he tells his pastor (Stacy Keach) that, even though he had no desire to be President of the United States, it was God's will that he campaign.  The film also takes some time to develop the relationship between W. and his wife, Laura (Elizabeth Banks), who he met at a friend's barbecue while running for Congress for the first time. In the film, Laura Bush is sweet, understanding, and patient, and it's easy to believe the love she feels for her husband. She seems to regard W. the same way a mother regards a baby taking its first steps
 Before writing this review, I examined many other reviews of this product from Amazon. This film is a thought provoking work of art, similar to Frost/Nixon directed by Ron Howard. In the film, we see different facets of the man who was President twice. When examining all of the one star reviews, I was taken aback to discover that about half were railing against the nice treatment by Stone of GWB, and the other half saying it was just leftist propaganda. I found that almost strange.  This film is a psychological treatment of GWB, who was set in a rivalry against members inside his party, against the democrats, and even elements inside his own family (his own rivalry with Jeb and his father). What comes out in the film (at least to me) is that GWB had to go his own way as President and make his own errors, which he did in abundance. Stone's treatment of GWB shows him as completely human, similar to his treatment of Nixon. Both men were powerful human beings with fatal flaws. Yet both completely believed that what they were doing was right for the American people.  Stone merely points out how history will treat GWB. There is, however, an enormous amount of history that Stone fails to see, that he skirts around, some of which will probably never be revealed. The most interesting pieces of the film to me were the relationship of GWB with Cheney (played ably by Dreyfuss). Because Bush wanted to "be his own man", he allowed Cheney and his minions to take on the major role in the war on terror. In reality, they directed the entire operation. The scenes between Cheney and Powell are real, and represent the entire conflicted roles of the American people on the world stage after 9/11. Bush wanted to be seen as a man of action, not a man who (like his father) could be thoughtful.  There is an epilogue to all of this. What Stone fails to see was that Bush actually began to distance himself from Cheney around 2007, and did become his own man, his father's son. Maybe that should be the Bush legacy. Personally, I did not think much of the Bush presidency, and I believe that his own flaws were fatal to the American polity, particularly as it deals with our relationships with the rest of the world.  I would look forward to a movie from Oliver Stone about the man who actually wielded all the power during this time, another fatally flawed leader, Richard Bruce Cheney.
 The Amazon transaction went smoothly.  However the movie was about Dubya and for that reason alone I should have known better. This was no satire. Stone and the cast were true to the subject matter.  I guess I thought that I would laugh more but the movie was spot on and made think how lucky we are to have survived the last administration at all.
 George W. Bush is a man who was unqualified for every single job he's ever held.  This would not be such a big deal if his chosen profession were as a shoe salesman or a bartender, but the job he hoodwinked people into thinking he could handle was none-other than President of the United States of America.  This is an inquisitive film which delves into his hellraising days at Yale (where he seemingly did everything BUT study) on up through to his ascension to governor & eventually president.  I knew about his "issues with trying to out-do dear-old-dad as prez, but I was unaware about the familial jealousies he had regarding his brother Jeb.  Without holding a palavar on Dubya, Oliver Stone has done an impressive job in this film of psycho-analyzing what is perhaps the least intellectual president this country has ever seen.  The casting of the film was quite good, featuring James Brolin as Dubya and Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney.  Dreyfuss carries an uncanny resemblance to the former VP, and they both capture the mannerisms of their characters nicely.  Elizabeth Banks is a top notch actress, but her portrayal of Laura Bush was not ditzy enough for my liking.  This is not a knock on Banks, but is rather a knock on the writers of the film.  If the film were truly accurate, Laura Bush would have been depicted as being as clueless as Dubya more than 1/2 the time.  There are Conservatives who will scream that this movie is a hatchet-job.  They can scream all they want, but they still can't change history. That the incursion into Iraq was a debacle is as clear as our involvement in Vietnam.  The movie doesn't even go into Dubya's blunders in Katrina or his de-regulation & out-sourcing initiatives which led to the economic crisis that we now find ourselves in.  If anything, the film actually makes us a little bit sympathetic to a man who got in WAY over his head.  As a Liberal, I can admit that Jimmy Carter was not a good president.  It amazes me that there are still(!) so many Conservatives out there who want to defend Dubya's reputation at all costs.  Sadly for all of us, the Bush administration was the most incompetent administration since that of Herbert Hoover, and the most corrupt administration since that of Richard Nixon.  George W. Bush was the most ineffective leader of any American president since Franklin Pierce.  This film tells the story of Dubya.  It's not pretty, but it's accurate.
 I don't know after watching this movie if Oliver Stone is with or against George W. Bush, it's really a fantastic movie that begins at 2003 when W. was considering going into IRAQ and it progresses at a well balanced pace as it mainly consists of these flashbacks into W.'s life.  The entire cast is superb and if you liked Josh Brolin in No Country For Old Men then you're going to love him in this, for a few minutes I actually thought I was looking at W.  Highly recommended
 Oliver Stone's latest film, W. is one that will, not surprisingly, attract a lot of controversy. How you feel about it will likely depend on your political views. Me, well, I'm a total flaming liberal, and I found the movie... enjoyable. Great, but not perfect.  The movie might as well be called "George W Lives in His Daddy's Shadow", since most of the movie centers around the feelings of inadequacy that young W feels. We see him going through hazing at his fraternity, running for office in Texas (and having the Democratic candidate to him what he would go on to do to others so very well), and eventually see him getting to the White House.  One at the White House much of the story centers around the lead up to the Iraq War. We get glimpses back to the early 1990's showing why the first President Bush didn't go all the way to Baghdad, we see George Tennant (played by the wonderful Bruce McGill, who could also play a dandy Bill Richardson), trying to explain, repeatedly, that there's no evidence of nukes in Iraq, and we see Cheney's master plan for the USA to control as much of the world's oil as we can.  Josh Brolin is really excellent as W. He doesn't have the look, but rather like Anthony Hopkins in one of Oliver Stone's other, better films, Nixon, he does capture the body language and the voice of Bush 43. Other notable performances are Jeffery Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfus as Dick Cheney and, in one of his better performances, James Cromwell as Bush 41.  The movie lags at parts and frankly I would've liked to have seen more about Bush as President than Bush as booze-hound or Bush as born again Christian. Still and all, it was a decent enough film and worth seeing, if for no other reason than my favorite line from the film where Bush Sr tells W something along the lines of, "You can't spend your life drinking, partying and chasing women! You're not a Kennedy, for God's sake!  And he's right. George W Bush is many, many things, but he's certainly no Kennedy.
 Splendid characterizations. If this stuff isn't all true, it most certainly has the ring of what Stephen Colbert would call "truthiness. Very good movie. Josh Brolen does a great job.  My only complaint is that Oliver Stone went too easy on Bush.
 Oliver Stone brings on his latest film portraying freshly departed President George W. Bush.  It is amazing that the man is barely out of office and film about his 8 year presidency and political career is already out.  Josh Brolin gives fantastic performance.  This actor seems to be getting better with age.  Stone cowers everything that there is to cover about Bush Junior
 With the film W., rather than cover the scope of George W. Bush's disservice to humanity - doing so would require more sequels than ROCKY and FRIDAY THE THIRTEENTH combined - director Oliver Stone goes only far enough to show what motivates the man the United States Supreme Court installed as president in 2000.  Stone's focused, restrained narrative results in a telling biography.  Several times in W. scenes where he's president, George W. Bush utters one of his most noteworthy childish bromides, "I'm the decider.  As W. cuts back and forth between the presidency and Bush's earlier years, it becomes clear why he keeps saying that, why his actions don't reflect reality
 I have always been a big fan of George W.. This movie reveals some of the dark side. I guess we all have a dark side, but this is a no holds barred expose ... Very interesting, very revealing...Good thing it wasn't made before he became President. I highly recommend this film
 I avoided this movie for a long time, because of all the bad reviews I had heard. What a mistake I made.  People really don't understand this movie. It's not an expos&eacute;, it's not a Bob Woodruff book, it's not meant to be filed in the National Archives as part of our historical record. It's a character study, an exploration of a man's heart, mind, and soul.  And an excellent one at that. It's a shame people can't put politics aside, and just enjoy the movie for what it is. All of the negative reviewers seem either to want a bloody crucifixion or a whitewashing Adoramus Te. It struck me as an honest attempt to get to know--to attempt to explain--one of the more enigmatic of our presidents.  Further, the editing, acting (for the most part), and cinematography were all excellent. Although it ran for over two hours, the movie seemed to be over before I knew it, and I really wanted it to continue. This is just exquisite storytelling, a thoroughly entertaining movie, and so long as you're not looking to "learn a bunch of "dark secrets about the Bush White House, so long as you do not remain convinced that "W will one day be carved into Mount Rushmore--think of it, in effect, like you would "King Lear or "Oedipus Rex"--and you will not be disappointed.
 The frightening thing about this movie is that it makes you feel sorry for "Dubya rather than hating him. Definitely not what I was expecting. But excellent, and interesting none the less.
 Let me start off by saying that I am not a Republican nor did I vote for either Bush.  So I started off viewing this movie expecting to see W skewered.  I am pleasantly surprised that did not happen.  Instead, I saw a complex portrait of the shaping of a man and a president over many years.  I won't go as far as to say I am now sympathetic to Bush but I understand him and his choices better now. First, I was surprised to see how poorly W wore the Bush mantle.  It was clear that everything W did was less than his father or grandfather or brother Jeb or any other Bush had done.  He couldn't fail to miss this as his parents told him this constantly.  What Bush senior failed to see though was that W could get in touch with the common man yet hold onto the elitist ones with some very conflicting personality traits.  He became a born again Christian as a way of coping with his substance abuse problems.  Somehow he managed to blend being born again with being a guy who had been to all the right schools, joined all the right clubs and gravitated to all the right people for his time in history. His parents were repelled by some of his choices
 Very good movie, the acting is excellent and the story is top notch.  It is a must see movie.
 After all the rancor surrounding Dubys'a administration has somewhat subsided, this is actually a fitting "homage to George W. Bush. While this is of course Stone's interpretation of the supposed machinations behind our entry into the War in Iraq as well as a rather candid look at the man behind the man, in all honesty, Stone's vision is not far off what I myself imagined.  For those looking for a scathing review of Dubya, you will be sorely disappointed.  As a matter of fact, I felt a very strong sense of empathy for the ex-president after seeing this and coupled with how VERY classy I think he is behaving these days, regardless of what I thought of his decisions/actions while in the White House, Stone indeed makes him very human and quite frankly George should be rather proud of this depiction of him.  Stone tells the story in a sort of parallel chronology.  He juxtaposes George's wild days with him in serious talks with his cabinet re the Iraq War.  This works quite well because the contrasts are so stark
 When watching W., you will find yourself angry, sometimes you'll laugh, sometimes you'll wish Thandie Newton's Condoleeza Rice had less screen time (a lot less) and at some points, you will riveted.  Oliver Stone makes his opinion that Bush was a terrible President very clear, but he also gives the views reasons to feel sorry for him. He presents Bush (accurately) as man overwhelmed and unprepared for the job. During the most powerful scene of the film, Bush and his Cabinet debate the Iraq war. Stone presents Bush as being manipulated into invading Iraq by Cheney and others in his cabinet. At that moment, one has to ponder what would've happened if Bush said no. Think about it. Invading Afghanistan was justifiable and he had a very high approval rating. I'm not saying other policies during his Presidency wouldn't have hurt him. But imagine how different things might be if he had just told the cabinet no.  In conclusion, this is one of the best films of 2008. It could've been flawless with a better Condoleeza Rice. Richsrd Dreyfuss should've been nominated for an Academy Award, but since when does the academy know good acting (I mean, other than Heath Ledger, was anyone impressed by the other nominees? I wasn't.).  You have to see this.
 An interesting look at the kinds of individuals that we are supposed to view as leaders. A study of stated goals vs real goals of empire. Josh Brolin's performance is a very convincing GWB. As always, when it comes to contemporary politics, Oliver Stone IS THE MAN.
 This may not be the George Bush movie that one would expect from Oliver Stone but it is fascinating and compelling nonetheless. He places more focus on the person and less on the policies although they are covered to the degree that someone who hasn't picked up a paper in the last six years would get the drift of what was happening. For those of us who know the history all too well we see these policy meetings, such as they are, with the amount of gravitas that they deserve. For the political discussions Bush is way over his head and baffled and at times doesn't want to be bothered with details. This is accurate to the accounts that I've read about him as a president.  However, this film is much deeper than that, and is not about tearing apart his presidency as one might expect. This is more of a study of a morally flawed, and not particularly bright man who strives out of a necessity to prove his father, George H.W. (played by James Cromwell), wrong about his abilities as a person and his will to succeed. Stone has done a number of films with the father/son theme (Wall Street, Platoon, etc) but this one is different in that it more bluntly confronts the differences and the tensions between the two.  It's a non-linear experience, as one should expect of a Stone film by now. It wades in the less known waters of Bush's life as a younger man who was a party guy, getting into trouble, and being a failure at everything he tried his hand at, all of which was set up for him by his powerful father. Josh Brolin does a fantastic job portraying the younger Bush as one who doesn't necessarily care about success quite as much as he cares about proving his father wrong by succeeding. Pretty much everything he does is against his father's wishes as he thinks that if G.W. goes into politics that he will ruin it for Jeb who is the favored son.  We know most of the history but Stone presents it all in a compelling way that made me feel as if I were in the briefing rooms with the staff as they later gave Bush information and poor suggestions. Jeffrey Wright does a fantastic job as Colin Powell who seems to be the lone voice in the room against preemptive strikes. The rest of the cast is no less brilliant and it is interesting, to say the least, to see Toby Jones play Karl Rove. The rest of the casting is equally brilliant
 I support the studio's decision to colorize old films and they are doing an excellent job, Hello!, they are giving you a choice, they are not forcing you into only having the colorized versions, I am sick of all this boycott this studio, boycott that studio, are the studio's double dipping so to speak because they come up with better versions of the same film, the answer is no, these versions are improved(Exponentially) by the studio's investment(Their's not ours), and I hope they continue, I realize that reviewers who don't earn a decent wage are probably scrambling to afford a single DVD a week, but if you don't like colorized classic films turn the color off when you watch them. The studio's are making old films available that were never available before and I salute them, keep up the good work!!
 Let's face it...color is natural...black and white isn't. There is no such thing as "Glorious Black & White when it comes to film. As has been stated before, they used it in the early days because that was all they had, and later because color was too expensive, and was used mostly for the big "epics like GONE WITH  THE WIND, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, etc. I wish they would colorize all the old b&w classics, especially the westerns. After I got my first color tv in the mid 60's, I never wanted to watch anything in black & white again. I don't understand what the beef is. For those who don't like colorization, I'm sure the B&W versions will always be available. Some people just can't stand progress.
 Beautiful faces, gorgeous b&amp;w photography, an array of old Hollywood's best character actors, brawling and tumultous fight scenes, probably the best sword fight ever filmed, and a rousing musical score that must have sent people almost dancing out of theaters with big smiles on their faces in 1940 - and will still make you smile in your living room.  And dialogue laced with wit and humor as well as drama.  Now THIS is what a Hollywood action movie should be!   This is one of the all-time best.  Got the blues?  This ought to chase them right away.  Really got the blues?  Try a double-feature of this with Flynn's The Adventures of Robin Hood.  And you can keep all the Wars and Treks in the stars.  They are made by mere children as compared to these old pros. Why doesn't Tyrone Power have a cult of his own today?  He was handsome and versatile, and a good actor whose performances hold up better than many of his competitors'.  Ty Power's the Man!
 Classic is the one word that I could truly use to properly describe Twentieth Century Fox's 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro". Forget all the previous versions and certainly the latest remake  with Antonio Banderas, this is the supreme version in regard to storytelling, casting, sets, excitement and unforgettable sword play. It boasts Tyrone Power's finest performance by far in my opinion and it also contains one of the most exciting and dramatically staged sword fights in the history of film swashbucklers (with the possible exception of Errol Flynn's duel with Basil Rathbone in "The Adventures of Robin Hood"). "The Mark Of Zorro directed by veteran director Rouben Mamoulian, is old fashioned movie making at its very best. It contains an exciting storyline with frequent dashes of daring action sequences, excellent sword play, a tender romance between Tyrone and the very beautiful Linda Darnelland a sweeping, energetic musical score which is just right for this production. Tyrone Power scored a great personal triumph in this role of the effeminate Don Diego de Vega by day, and the dashing and daring Zorro by night.  It is the role which really became his trademark performance much as "Gone With The Wind is for Clark Gable. Forever after Zorro has been identified as possibly his greatest role and the character he was most identified with. By 1940 Tyrone Power had reached his Box Office  peak with a string of huge Box Office successes like "In Old Chicago "Marie Antoinette", "Suez", "Jesse James", "Rose of Washington Square and "Johnny Apollo". Zorro was the role of a life time and came along also just as his extraordinary good looks had matured enough to make him totally convincing as the fop by day and dashing bringer of justice by night. It is a performance filled with a vital energy, dashing spirit and the right element of tongue in cheek bravado. The production of "The Mark Of Zorro was one of Twentieth Century Fox's biggest productions of the year. The attention to detail in sets and importantly in costumne is immaculate and really recreates that feeling of old California of the nineteenth century. The film benefits greatly from the superb supporting cast without which any film of this size would be lost. The beautiful Linda Darnell was only starting to come into prominence at this time and she makes a very effective love interest for Tyrone here in the role of Lolita. Her role might be really window dressing but she is most effective in her brief scenes. The wonderful Basil Rathbone, swordsman extraordinaire, is superb as always as the corrupt and cruel Captain Pasquale and he brings the right elements of menace and slippery sophistication to his role to turn in another stunning performance much like his performance of two years before in "The Adventures Of Robin Hood . Equally villianous and equally delightful in the cast line up are  Gale Sondergaard, arch villianess of many films, and J. Edward Bromberg as the cowardly but corrupt governor Don Luis Quintero and his vain wife Inez . They are excellent in their scenes and Bromberg in particular has a field day with his very amusing role as the ruthless replacement governor who is bleeding the local peasants dry in taxation but is a  coward afraid of his own shadow. His scenes are very amusing where he is reduced to a blubbering mass of fears during Zorro's nocturnal visits to his headquarters and proves to be no match for the daring Zorro who always manages to leave his signature "Z in conspicious places. I cannot recommend "The Mark Of Zorro highly enough and if for nothing else it is worth seeing for the superb fencing sequence between Power and Rathbone which is a classic of its kind and one of the most memorable dueling sequences ever put on film. Some individuals believe it's a pity that the photography is in black and white but I personally feel it suits the story well and never have Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell looked more attractive than in this production. Enjoy "The Mark Of Zorro as the high spirited entertainment that it is and as a tribute to the mastery that was Hollywood film making in its Golden Age. Films really don't come better than the 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro The Mark of Zorro is one of my all time favorites, and it is a movie that needs nothing to improve it.  Classic swashbuckling adventure set in old California.  And the black-and-white version that is on this DVD is a treat to watch--pristine in every way.  It was with some trepidation that I put on the new color version.  What had they done to my dear Tyrone Power?  Yet when I viewed the new color version, I felt that I was getting to experience the beauty of the motion picture in a whole new and different way.  It brought out detail that I had not seen before.  The colorization process is light years ahead of any I have seen previously, and for awhile I forgot this was ever in black-and-white to begin with.  It really breathes new life into this classic.  I admit I watched the whole movie again!  What a treat to be able to enjoy this movie in a new way.  Great idea, and great special edition.  Highly recommend!
 I first caught The Mark of Zorro (both the Tyrone Power and Douglas Fairbanks versions) on TV a few years ago during the hype for the Mask of Zorro movie, and immediately fell in love with them. While I've been raised on modern Hollywood cinema, these were movies that still held great appeal for me. Specifically for the Tyrone Power version, we get a quick, witty adventure with fantastic swordfights and great chemistry between Power and Linda Darnell. The whole production charms in that golden age Hollywood way, without suffering from the cheesiness that people usually associate with older flicks. It's one of my favourite movies.  About the DVD
 Rouben Mamoulian's THE MARK OF ZORRO, adapted from <a href="http
 This remarkable film (loosely based on the Zorro stories of Johnston McCulley) has everything one could ask for from a swashbuckling adventure story . . . excellent acting, a wonderful script and the inspired direction of Ruben Mamoulian.  Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, and Basil Rathbone are outstanding as the exciting hero, his true love, and the deliciously evil Captain Esteban Pasquale.  An inspired supporting cast including J. Edward Bromberg, Eugene Pallette, Gale Sondergaard, and Montagu Love convinces you that this is California of the 1820's.  Excellent pacing moves the story forward from adventure to adventure, finally culminating in that magnificent duel between Power and Rathbone, between justice and tyranny.  The clever use of humor, and the innocent yet passionate love that grows steadily between Power and Darnell (the Villain's niece), adds dimension to the characters and makes us care about them.  This is a film that deserves to be seen again and again!
 Tyrone Power, a highly underrated actor, was born to play "Zorro".Everything about his performance is perfect,his comedic timing is flawless.The entire is first-rate.Eugene Pallette as the Padre,Basil Rathbone as a dastardly villian,J.Edward Bromberg (as a corrupt Gov.-very funny),the beautiful Gale Sondergaard as his unfaithful wife,and Linda Darnell as Brombergs' ultra-beautiful niece.The score by Alfred Newman and the direction  by  Rouben Mamoulian is letter perfect.The disc contains the original black and white verson and the colorized version.Being a movie purist I stick with the original.
 It's always a privilege to have a black and white version alongside a color version in the same set.  You can perhaps appreciate the way the lighting is used more with black and white, but color also enhances a film a lot, ESPECIALLY a costume film like this one.  This movie, interestingly enough, is more of a comedy than an adventure!  The greatest enjoyment for me comes from seeing Zorro scare the cowardly tyrant, the tyrant trying to get Basil Rathbone (his bellicose assistant) to stop playing nervously with things, and Zorro giving that disgusting laugh as he pretends to be effete.  In fact, Zorro is a lot more like "the Scarlet Pimpernel than Robin Hood.  I feel the movie is also cleverly written, which is important in a comedic adventure.  In addition, it has an extremely polished sword fight which, I've read, is considered the greatest ever done on film.  By the way, Zorro's father, his friar, and the main villain, Basil Rathbone, are all on the Errol Flynn Robin Hood.
 This is I believe the best Zorro movie out there, the one that caught best the spirit of the original story by Johnston McCulley (though it is still not a perfectly faithful adaptation). Tyrone is simply the best foppish Diego you could think of, his acting is amazing in this movie. And.. don't forget the epic fight between him and none other than Basil Rathbone! This DVD came as a surprise to me... I bought it for its low price (10$) and lo and behold, this edition is just the best out there! You get both colorized and original B&W versions of the movie, as well as the Biography episode of Tyrone Power himself... the best bonus on the DVD! There is also great postcard photos from the movie itself, in sepia color.
 Of all of the "Zorro movies made, this is by far the best.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Don Diego de Vega.  Who could ask for anything more with Basil Rathbone as sinister Captain Pasquale.  Both stars bring the best to this movie which can be enjoyed by anyone of any age.
 Under Mamoulian's sure-footed direction, only Power could one-up Douglas Fairbanks with this rousing remake of the 1920 silent classic--still the zingiest and most technically dazzling "Zorro of the bunch. Power is so adept at shifting from the slightly doltish Don Diego to the heroic masked avenger that it's difficult to imagine anyone else in the role. Among the fabulous supporting cast, Rathbone stands out as Zorro's loathsome nemesis, Bromberg and Gale Sondergaard are delightful as the ruthless regents, and Darnell is winning as the love interest. Daring horseback rides, thrilling duels, exquisite cinematography...What more could you want in a swashbuckler?
 FOX has done an excellent job with this release of the Mark of Zorro. This is a two sided disc. The one side has the movie in its origianl Black and White release. The other side has the movie colorized.  Ths print FOX used for this release is in excellent condition. It has specks here and there but due to it's age these are bound to be present. But the print is very clear and very clean.
 I,ve always enjoyed this type of movie.  The fencing scene between Tyrone Power and Basil Rathbone was, and still is one of the best action scenes in all movies.  Rathbone was an accomplished user of the foil and was to have said, "Tyrone Power could have fenced Errol Flynn into a box.  I am in awe at times of the athletic abilities that some actors have.  Great movie, one of Hollywood's finest as far as I'm concerned. I highly recommend it for all audiences.  It is an example of a movie made without the electronic wizardry that prevails today
 If you are a fan of Tyrone Power or Basil Rathbone you will love this movie!  It is just fun to watch the classic swordmanship of these two actors.
 A great classic that can never be outdone, no matter how many remakes ore done of it. The sword fight between Power and Rathbone is the best ever put on film.
 I'd rate Zorro just a notch below Flynn's Robin Hood, but just barely.  This is a wonderful swashbuckler, featuring Tyronne Power as Zorro/Don Diego.  He is magnificent in both roles... handsome, athletic, all that you could ask for.  Basil Rathbone is the perfect villian, just as he was in Robin Hood, as Captain Pasquale.  Little is usually said about Zorro's romantic interest, Linda Darnell, but she was sure gorgeous!  And the padre is the same man who played Friar Tuck in Robin Hood... terrific.  The music was perfect, the sword fight at the end was a masterpiece, everything was terrific.   As much as I liked Power in this role, I liked him even more in  The Long Gray Line .  Power also served honorably and with distinction in battle during World War II... another reason to like him.
 IF YOU LIKE TO SEE REVENGE AGINST EVIL,THIS IS  THE MOVIE YOU HAVE TO SEE. YOU ARE SEEING ACTING DISCIPLINE IN ACTION WHEN YOU SEE TYRONE POWER IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS BEEN IN, AND RIGHTFULLY SO,HIS FATHER WAS AN ACTOR ALSO.
 This must rate as one of the best Swashbucklers ever. Good acting, good action and a pleasure to watch. It even has a decent plot, which isn't always the case in this genre. The characters are real people instead of  two-dimensional figures and the climactic swordfight is downright  beautiful.
 mark of zorro was a very good movie, glad i was able to buy it
 Tyrone Power is excellent in the dual role of Diego (masquerading as a foppish aristocrat) and the Californian hero Zorro. The story is great, the pacing works well, and there is plenty of action, humor, and romance. And there's an all-time classic swordfight between Power's Diego and Rathbone's Captain Pasquale. Just an excellent, classic film.
 Now here is a true old time/old school  Hollywood Classic! Tyrone Power walks away with high honors as the masked man in black, the Robin Hood of old California. TP takes on the role of Zorro the fox to avenge his father's being deposed as a local Governor. Basil Rathbone is pitch perfect as the main black hat and J. Edward Bromberg is fine as his sniveling front man.  The antipathy twixt TP and BR is palpable from the time they lay eyes on each other.TP is wonderful in his double role-especially as the foppish, overly elegant Don Diego, sniffing, preening, peering through his spectacles and engaging in magic tricks. The audience knows he is the bravest guy around but most of the cast had no idea until the resolution.  That includes both a dazzling, wheeling sword duel with Rathbone plus a jail break! There had to be a girl involved and that role is well played by 17 year old Linda Darnell. Watch for the scene in the chapel with LD and "the priest". MZ is sharply directed by Rouben Mamoulian and is shot in beautiful classic black and white. Some have compared MZ to Robin Hood but this reviewer was reminded instead by "The Scarlet Pimpernel with Leslie Howard. If this movie has a single weakness it lies in the cluttered closing scenes after the resolution. Perhaps Mr. Mamoulian had trouble wrapping the film or maybe those scenes played out better in a movie house with a big screen. No matter! "The Mark of Zorro is a true 5 star Hollywood classic to be enjoyed by all ages.
 This is the Zorro of my childhood and I was in love with Ty Power and his pairing with Linda Darnell. Of course my Mom had to tell me he was dead. My only adult criticism is that the script lacks character development but it was my introduction to Zorro and I loved the film. Then came Disney. Of course there is a wonderful sword fight - no unsuitable stripping of clothes. Actors like Ty Power and Errol Flynn in those days actually took proper fencing lessons and were credible. The DVD has both the original B&W and the best colorized version of a movie I have ever seen. It did not distract or disappoint. The DVD also contains the added bonus of the great A&E Biography of Tyrone Power. Wish he had lived longer. He was out of the control of DZ/Fox and was coming into his own playing deeper characters and making better movies. As Caesar Romero said in his eulogy
 The Mark of Zorro is a very good version of Zorro. I really enjoyed the option of seeing it in color as well as in black and white. The color version made it seem a little more modern. They did a really nice job in the color processing of it. It's very interesting to because you learn some of the history of California that you may not have been aware of. Tyron Power was a very handsome man and Linda Darnell was so beautiful she was perfect as his love interest in the movie. Take a chance and enjoy this all time classic.
 While I perfer my "oldies in the true black and white format, it was very good to see a very good colorized version.  I heartily recommend this movie to anyone who is in search of real romantic adventure.  The cast is perfect and the acting superb.  Highly recommended.
 This is the movie that turned me into a Zorro fan.  I was about 10 when I saw it as a matinee on Sat. TV.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Zorro with those lovely speaking eyes and wonderful sword play.  And Basil Rathbone is  the type of villian that you love to hate.  Throw in Linda Darnell as  Zorro's love interest and the you have a great movie.  The humor is what  holds it altogether and makes you want to watch it again and again.  Diego  making his father a little bit crazy and the govenor a nervous wreck.  I  didn't think that they made movies like this anymore until I saw the Mask  of Zorro.  Not a remake, thank heaven, but with the same spirit and fire as  this one.  As far as I am concerned Zorro can ride forever and I will watch  faithfully.
 I haven't seen the Douglas Fairbanks version but I do prefer this to "Mask of Zorro".  I think I was maybe 13 when I first watched this movie on TCM because my dad was watching it and I was oddly captivated, and now I'm 21 and I still feel the same way.  Sure the dialogue is overwhelmingly cheesy, to the point I'm not sure many people I know would like the movie.  "Lovlier than a morning in June is an especially awful line.  It is ridiculous, empty flattery at best, and not even a compliment at worst, considering that June weather isn't exactly known as the lovliest, at least in CA.  But any time Don Diego is acting his role pretty much makes up for it.  Cheasy with a purpose!  The action scenes are great, especially all the horse chase and sword fight scenes.  I suppose it is my favorite sword fight scene that doesn't begin with both participants fighting left-handed.  Any scenes where Tyrone Power is switching personas are very well-acted, with my favorite being where he tells the priest the truth.  I also love Errol Flynn and Robin Hood esepcially, but I think I like this one better, and I find it to be more re-watchable.  Now it is true that the quality isn't great, and the special features aren't spectacular, but it is priced accordingly, so no matter.  It's like renting it twice!
 I first saw The Mark of Zorro starring Tyrone Power as a kid in the 1950's, on a small black and white screen. I loved it. I recently saw the film again, colorized, and I still loved it. The colorization adds to the film because I could get my grandchildren to sit and watch it. They will not watch black and white films because it is "old. The story has been retold many times, but the characterizations can not be topped. Added to the pleaseure is that over the ensuing years, as an adult, later with my grandchildre, I practiced fencing and historical arms. The fencing is very good, and that is another point my family could appreciate, particularly the ending duel between Basil Rathbone's corrupt Captain and Tyrone Power's genteel Diego. So, what's not to like
 Basil Rathbone is at his best in this movie as a villain.  Great addition to any classic movie buff's library!
 I was surprised to find that a special edition of The Mark of Zorro [1940] was coming out and went searching through some of the bigger Internet media sellers to see what's to be known.  Fortunately, I did come across a few details - I don't know if they're complete or not
 Tyrone Power is the consummate Zorro, and this movie is still fun to watch. Swashbuckling, humor, and the "double identity of Diego continue to make enticing entertainment. Decades after its initial release, the acting and story hold up--even if some of the chase scenes aren't very sophisticated (slightly speeded up film?).  Basil Rathbone as a high-class villain sets just the right tone of menace.
 The greatness of a classic movie on a DVD is fantastic. Great quality - and no more rewinding to view favorite scenes.
 I highly recommend this film, and would give it ten stars if I could. Tyrone Power is wonderful as Zorro. A very entertaining and romantic film.  Linda Darnell is beautiful in it as well.  Her gowns are lovely.  It has adventure romance, and mystery.  Its a film for all ages.
 I rank this movie second, behind  Raiders of the Lost Ark , of the best Action Movies ever made. This is non stop adventure with a script that does not let go until the very last scene. My eight year old  son loved this movie.
 Wonderful black and white movie. My son loves Zorro, and this contains all good action, dialogue, etc. Wholesome family entertainment.
 THIS IS A GREAT FILM, EXCEPT THE COLOR SIDE.BOTH SIDES GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, AND SOUND, HOWEVER THEY ARE CRYSTAL CLEAR LASER QUALITY BUT THE COLOR IS ALMOST ON BLACK AND WHITE EDGE. COLOR IS VERY FLAT AND VERY DISAPPOINTING. IF I HAD ORDERED THE COLOR VERSION ALONE I WOULD HAVE THROWN IT IN THE GARBAGE. THE BLACK AND WHITE SIDE WAS PERFRECT SO IM KEEPING IT
 Magnificent restoration of the movie. Excellent performances. Superb fight fencing. The product has many added values. My dad and I are very satisfied with the product.
 I saw this film in 1959.is a great film,writing about Mask of Zorro of  1940,well...firist,everything that one should know about of,has been said  many times before and I like very mutch and I'm a fof Tyrone Power..it's  for now.thanks
 Wow!  What a story, what acting, what adventure.  The color was gorgeous, have not watched the B & W side, probably won't either.  Linda Darnell was perfect for the leading lady to Ty.  No complaints come to mind.  When purchasing, get the dvd with the special features and the 6 lobby card replicas.  You won't be disappointed!
 Tyrone Power plays Zorro...the liberator of early California from Spain. Excellent swashbuckling action. Co-starring Basil Rathbone.
 This is part of a series of 'geographical' blues lessons by John Miller.  This review covers them all.  John Miller is a gifted instructor.  Many artists are gifted players, but they do not all possess the gift of teaching.  John Miller's teaching is a slow, methodical breakdown with anticipation of student struggles.  His demeanor is humble, quiet, respectful, and enthusiastic for the music.  With judicious use of the pause button, it is as close as a student can come to face to face lessons with a master.  The series highlights some of the lesser known blues songs of regional greats from long ago.  The songs are wonderful to learn to sing, but for me, they are, almost to a song, terrific for acoustic solo playing.  Each region has its specifics but they are perfectly suited for instruction to the Intermediate guitarist (late beginners should collect John's DVDs) as well as the Advanced guitarists who need to learn new songs.  Each geographical region has its unique songs, and John's teaching is consistent throughout.  "Texas Blues is currently my favorite, but this changes as I go from DVD to DVD.  Jackson Blues, Texas Blues, Memphis Blues,  Atlanta Blues as well as Theory and Chord instruction DVDs are all 'must haves' for those who learn from DVD lessons.
 Again John Miller has delivered. One has the impression, that Miller though his respect and love for the American Country Blues is absolute, that it it is all a bit of a pleasant sideshow to him. He is a master and exponent of so much more than just country blues - and of course he is being aware of and listenting to his excellent recordings over many years in other styles. As always, Miller's musical taste is exquisite
 I was astonished by the CLARITY of this DVD.  The visuals are better than they looked when it first aired!  (The sound is great as well.)  As if two 90 minute telefilms weren't enough, there are some excellent bonuses attached.  Kenneth Johnson's commentaries were very interesting. (Who knew that Richard Kiel was the Hulk first and that a few frames of him are in the first telemovie?  Not me!)  The telefilms are a little dated hair/clothes-wise, but the stories really stand the test of time.  This DVD is an essential purchase for the fan of the TV series.  Let's hope they release season sets that are up to this quality!
 This was the pilot that started the whole incredible hulk series on television in the 70's.David Banner(Bill Bixby) experiments on himself and accidently exposes himself to very high gamma radiation levels.Banner than becomes the beast as the incredible hulk when he gets angry.This is the show when he was changing the tire and something went wrong that he transformed into the hulk.Not only will you get this pilot on the dvd but you will also get a making of feature from Industrial Light and Magic,A presentation from Lou Farigno, trailers from the Hulk movie from 2003,a making of the incredible hulk theme ride or amusement park,commentary and a bonus episode Married.Married will also have a opitional commentary.I can't wait to get this dvd and I highley recommend it for the two episodes alone.Hopefully season sets can't be far behind.If you like this one I also recommend the Hulk collection that features The Return Of The Incredible Hulk and The Trial Of The Incredible Hulk coming May 6.Also pick up The Death Of The Incredible Hulk Coming the same day as the Original Tv Pilot June 3rd The Hulk(2003)will probebley be a good movie but it won't be the same as the original with Bill Bixby and Lou Farigno.
 If Ang Lee's new Hulk movie had ANY positive repercussions, it was for Universal to at last release the original series premiere on DVD.  Having owned MCA's VHS version for years, it is a tremendous treat to watch this in such high quality.  The sound is great, and the picture is razor sharp (compared to its prior versions).  The acting is top notch and comparable to performances today, although the bellbottoms are so 70's! The premiere and the episode "Married also on this disc were definitely the two best Hulk episodes from a dramatic level.  However, Universal would earn the highest marks from me if they release as another double feature, the two-parters "Promethius and "The First (arguably the two best fun episodes).  DVD's are not expensive to make these days, and Universal has the masters in their vaults.  I hope they're reading this! Because the comic book/movie Hulk and the TV series Hulk are two entirely different characters, it is wrong to compare the two.  However, with an actor playing the creature, there is alot more humanity and feeling behind it than someone created by computer.  This DVD is wonderful to watch especially after watching the series as a kid.  It is definitely worth it!
 This DVD includes the original pilot movie "The Incredible Hulk that started the series.  On the other side of the DVD is the episode "Married", which was actually the first and second episode of the Second Season.   The Incredible Hulk began on CBS on November 4, 1977.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. Banner.  It has been almost a year since his wife died in a car accident they both were in.  He continually has dreams of not being able to save his wife's life.  He just wasn't strong enough to roll the car over.  That is Lara Parker (Dark Shadows) that plays Dr. Banner's wife.  Now he studies how people are able to become so strong when normally they are not as strong.  A black woman describes how she was able to save her son in a burning car by having the "extra strength (perhaps adrenaline) to lift the car to save her son.  Eventually, Dr. Banner decides to try an experiment on himself to change his DNA with Gamma Ray exposure.  Well, nothing happens.  But he felt stronger.  He tries to lift a people mover.  Nothing.  It's raining outside.  He becomes more frustrated, his thoughts anger him then the car blows a tire.  More anger.  The lightning intensifies.  He hurts his hand using the jack.  He's in pain.  Suddenly his DNA changes.  His body grows greater, his muscles grow rapidly.  His clothes rip.  His skin becomes green.  He becomes the HULK (played by Lou Ferrigno).  When the Hulk's surge of power finally calms down or when he does an act of kindness, he becomes tired and turns back into his Dr. Banner self.   This tv-series was so good at building monentum and emotion, especially at the end of each episode, that the tv-series kept getting better with each episode.  Bill Bixby was perfect for the role as Dr. Banner. It's a shame he is not around to enjoy this 25th Anniversary.  He died too soon (November 21, 1993).  Such a serious and mature actor. Very well liked.   On DVD, Introduction by Lou Ferrigno.  Audio Commentary with Director/Writer Ken Johnson and sneak preview of "The Hulk (2003).    The Incredible Hulk tv series (1978-82)   The Incredible Hulk Returns (1988 tv-movie)   The Trial of the Incredible Hulk (1989 tv-movie)   The Death of the Incredible Hulk (1990 tv-movie)   <a href="http
 Writer, Producer &amp; Director Kenneth Johnson delivers big time with a totally re-invented Hulk.  This is not your father's  Hulk SMASH!!  that Stan Lee created for Marvel Comics back in 1962.  This is a thinking man's drama created by the mind of Johnson and delivered by the touching &amp; sensitive performance of Bill Bixby.  It takes on pieces of Hugo's  L'es Miserables  &amp; TVs  The Fugitive  as Bixby's Dr. David Banner is on the run from investigative reporter Jack McGee who believes the creature is a killer after a gamma radiation overdose creates Banner's own Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde nightmare. This Hulk is a drama carved out from comic book origins, a tale of a man losing his wife and the struggle that follows.  If this were the theatre, Bixby's performance would be felt from the back row- loss, angst, wanting, enlightenment, anger, affection- it's all here. Bixby is superb as he weaves through Banner's inner demons.  Susan Sullivan delivers as well as Bixby's fellow scientist trying to help him understand his transformations. The hidden treasure of this DVD is not just re-watching the pilot again a little more sharply both in picture &amp; sound (you still have to love Joseph Harnell's chilling piano), but Johnson's commentary you can add with the push of a button.  His detailed account of when scenes were shot, how they were shot, what his thoughts were going into each shot, warm memories of the late Bixby, and humorous anecdotes really give this DVD a 5-star rating. Kudos to Universal for rounding up Johnson on the eve of the big-budget Hollywood Hulk to re-market this past treasure.  It's just too bad 'ole White Eyes himself couldn't have been there to share some of the banter with Johnson.
 One word - EXCELLENT!  This TV series was hands down, the best transformation of a comic book character to the screen. From the opening credits of the pilot, we could immediately tell that we were in for a quality production. Everything about it is excellent
 I remember watching this episode (and its sequel) back in 1977 on CBS.  I had the feeling then it would make a nice series.  So when I heard after an episode of Wonder Woman that it would be a series, I made plans to watch.  Overall it was a great series, in fact the other episode on this disc won an emmy for its only major guest star Marriette Hartley (who would later work with Bixby again in Goodnight Beantown).  Anyway to get back to the pilot, it explored more of a human interest story in the character.  The writer apparantly felt that the death of Banner's wife would impact the viewer more than Banner saving a teenager from a bomb blast.  It's also interesting how they changed the character's name to David.  When the comic strip started he was called Bruce Banner.  Then Stan Lee slipped a few times and called him Bob Banner in occasional strips which to remedy, he copped a plea by saying his name was really Robert Bruce Banner.  And now he's David.  Since they (Universal) couldn't remedy it without recutting the film, Stan Lee himself convinced the studio to use his cop out to explain the name change which is why his name at the cemetary is David Bruce Banner.  Good thing they left well enough alone at this point.  I just hope in the new movie, they don't change his name again or I'm heading for the hills.  But seriously this disc and the series sequels (also on DVD now) are worth buying.  By the way, if you think this postive review overrides my review of the 2fer, you're wrong.  I only rated that 1 star because they should have put all 3 sequels in 1 set. Buy this disc and buy the others too. 
 The movie displayed on my 61  projection screen TV with a sharpness &amp; clarity I haven't seen since I watched the originals as a kid. I surmise they must have duplicated this from a very clean print. It pretty much blows the awful, muddy, pan-and-scan VHS version away from a quality standpoint, and the clarity of this DVD version will MARKEDLY increase your viewing pleasure. The bonus features are kinda neat, if not fluff, but certainly for the movie buff, you'll enjoy the director's commentary and value adds the DVD contains. If you liked this series, and are ready to reintroduce yourself to a sci-fi classic, BUY THIS DVD TODAY!
 If you are a Hulk fan don't let the age of this TV movie fool you. It's a more true portrayal of the Hulk character.  Without the CGI and modern film effects it still holds up as a classic Man vs Monster story.  The second film "Married or Bride of the Hulk works the same type of story only the Hulk is trying to rescue a young lady who is being abused by her family to collect insurance money. All in all these films are the better of the modern version.  While the special effects got me to go to the theater this version stands the test of time.
 When I saw the pilot episode I really hated it. I don't remeber why I hated it but now I love it!!!!! It's about a man named David Banner(Bill Bixby) who's wife died in a car acident. Angry that he was not able to save his wife, he finds out that the same thing has been happing to other people, only they saved the person in the person car. David finds out that it is the gamma energy that is helping the other people save the person in the car. David put gamma energy into his body, but so much that it made this creature called the Hulk( Lou Freggino). Great start to a great series. Better than the movie. This DVD has another episode called  Marride  which is very good and has lots of Hulk sceans. Well worth your money.
 I was astonished by the CLARITY of this DVD.  The visuals are better than they looked when it first aired!  (The sound is great as well.)  As if two 90 minute telefilms weren't enough, there are some excellent bonuses attached.  Kenneth Johnson's commentaries were very interesting. (Who knew that Richard Kiel was the Hulk first and that a few frames of him are in the first telemovie?  Not me!)  The telefilms are a little dated hair/clothes-wise, but the stories really stand the test of time.  This DVD is an essential purchase for the fan of the TV series.  Let's hope they release season sets that are up to this quality!
 This was the pilot that started the whole incredible hulk series on television in the 70's.David Banner(Bill Bixby) experiments on himself and accidently exposes himself to very high gamma radiation levels.Banner than becomes the beast as the incredible hulk when he gets angry.This is the show when he was changing the tire and something went wrong that he transformed into the hulk.Not only will you get this pilot on the dvd but you will also get a making of feature from Industrial Light and Magic,A presentation from Lou Farigno, trailers from the Hulk movie from 2003,a making of the incredible hulk theme ride or amusement park,commentary and a bonus episode Married.Married will also have a opitional commentary.I can't wait to get this dvd and I highley recommend it for the two episodes alone.Hopefully season sets can't be far behind.If you like this one I also recommend the Hulk collection that features The Return Of The Incredible Hulk and The Trial Of The Incredible Hulk coming May 6.Also pick up The Death Of The Incredible Hulk Coming the same day as the Original Tv Pilot June 3rd The Hulk(2003)will probebley be a good movie but it won't be the same as the original with Bill Bixby and Lou Farigno.
 If Ang Lee's new Hulk movie had ANY positive repercussions, it was for Universal to at last release the original series premiere on DVD.  Having owned MCA's VHS version for years, it is a tremendous treat to watch this in such high quality.  The sound is great, and the picture is razor sharp (compared to its prior versions).  The acting is top notch and comparable to performances today, although the bellbottoms are so 70's! The premiere and the episode "Married also on this disc were definitely the two best Hulk episodes from a dramatic level.  However, Universal would earn the highest marks from me if they release as another double feature, the two-parters "Promethius and "The First (arguably the two best fun episodes).  DVD's are not expensive to make these days, and Universal has the masters in their vaults.  I hope they're reading this! Because the comic book/movie Hulk and the TV series Hulk are two entirely different characters, it is wrong to compare the two.  However, with an actor playing the creature, there is alot more humanity and feeling behind it than someone created by computer.  This DVD is wonderful to watch especially after watching the series as a kid.  It is definitely worth it!
 This DVD includes the original pilot movie "The Incredible Hulk that started the series.  On the other side of the DVD is the episode "Married", which was actually the first and second episode of the Second Season.   The Incredible Hulk began on CBS on November 4, 1977.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. Banner.  It has been almost a year since his wife died in a car accident they both were in.  He continually has dreams of not being able to save his wife's life.  He just wasn't strong enough to roll the car over.  That is Lara Parker (Dark Shadows) that plays Dr. Banner's wife.  Now he studies how people are able to become so strong when normally they are not as strong.  A black woman describes how she was able to save her son in a burning car by having the "extra strength (perhaps adrenaline) to lift the car to save her son.  Eventually, Dr. Banner decides to try an experiment on himself to change his DNA with Gamma Ray exposure.  Well, nothing happens.  But he felt stronger.  He tries to lift a people mover.  Nothing.  It's raining outside.  He becomes more frustrated, his thoughts anger him then the car blows a tire.  More anger.  The lightning intensifies.  He hurts his hand using the jack.  He's in pain.  Suddenly his DNA changes.  His body grows greater, his muscles grow rapidly.  His clothes rip.  His skin becomes green.  He becomes the HULK (played by Lou Ferrigno).  When the Hulk's surge of power finally calms down or when he does an act of kindness, he becomes tired and turns back into his Dr. Banner self.   This tv-series was so good at building monentum and emotion, especially at the end of each episode, that the tv-series kept getting better with each episode.  Bill Bixby was perfect for the role as Dr. Banner. It's a shame he is not around to enjoy this 25th Anniversary.  He died too soon (November 21, 1993).  Such a serious and mature actor. Very well liked.   On DVD, Introduction by Lou Ferrigno.  Audio Commentary with Director/Writer Ken Johnson and sneak preview of "The Hulk (2003).    The Incredible Hulk tv series (1978-82)   The Incredible Hulk Returns (1988 tv-movie)   The Trial of the Incredible Hulk (1989 tv-movie)   The Death of the Incredible Hulk (1990 tv-movie)   <a href="http
 Writer, Producer &amp; Director Kenneth Johnson delivers big time with a totally re-invented Hulk.  This is not your father's  Hulk SMASH!!  that Stan Lee created for Marvel Comics back in 1962.  This is a thinking man's drama created by the mind of Johnson and delivered by the touching &amp; sensitive performance of Bill Bixby.  It takes on pieces of Hugo's  L'es Miserables  &amp; TVs  The Fugitive  as Bixby's Dr. David Banner is on the run from investigative reporter Jack McGee who believes the creature is a killer after a gamma radiation overdose creates Banner's own Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde nightmare. This Hulk is a drama carved out from comic book origins, a tale of a man losing his wife and the struggle that follows.  If this were the theatre, Bixby's performance would be felt from the back row- loss, angst, wanting, enlightenment, anger, affection- it's all here. Bixby is superb as he weaves through Banner's inner demons.  Susan Sullivan delivers as well as Bixby's fellow scientist trying to help him understand his transformations. The hidden treasure of this DVD is not just re-watching the pilot again a little more sharply both in picture &amp; sound (you still have to love Joseph Harnell's chilling piano), but Johnson's commentary you can add with the push of a button.  His detailed account of when scenes were shot, how they were shot, what his thoughts were going into each shot, warm memories of the late Bixby, and humorous anecdotes really give this DVD a 5-star rating. Kudos to Universal for rounding up Johnson on the eve of the big-budget Hollywood Hulk to re-market this past treasure.  It's just too bad 'ole White Eyes himself couldn't have been there to share some of the banter with Johnson.
 One word - EXCELLENT!  This TV series was hands down, the best transformation of a comic book character to the screen. From the opening credits of the pilot, we could immediately tell that we were in for a quality production. Everything about it is excellent
 I remember watching this episode (and its sequel) back in 1977 on CBS.  I had the feeling then it would make a nice series.  So when I heard after an episode of Wonder Woman that it would be a series, I made plans to watch.  Overall it was a great series, in fact the other episode on this disc won an emmy for its only major guest star Marriette Hartley (who would later work with Bixby again in Goodnight Beantown).  Anyway to get back to the pilot, it explored more of a human interest story in the character.  The writer apparantly felt that the death of Banner's wife would impact the viewer more than Banner saving a teenager from a bomb blast.  It's also interesting how they changed the character's name to David.  When the comic strip started he was called Bruce Banner.  Then Stan Lee slipped a few times and called him Bob Banner in occasional strips which to remedy, he copped a plea by saying his name was really Robert Bruce Banner.  And now he's David.  Since they (Universal) couldn't remedy it without recutting the film, Stan Lee himself convinced the studio to use his cop out to explain the name change which is why his name at the cemetary is David Bruce Banner.  Good thing they left well enough alone at this point.  I just hope in the new movie, they don't change his name again or I'm heading for the hills.  But seriously this disc and the series sequels (also on DVD now) are worth buying.  By the way, if you think this postive review overrides my review of the 2fer, you're wrong.  I only rated that 1 star because they should have put all 3 sequels in 1 set. Buy this disc and buy the others too. 
 The movie displayed on my 61  projection screen TV with a sharpness &amp; clarity I haven't seen since I watched the originals as a kid. I surmise they must have duplicated this from a very clean print. It pretty much blows the awful, muddy, pan-and-scan VHS version away from a quality standpoint, and the clarity of this DVD version will MARKEDLY increase your viewing pleasure. The bonus features are kinda neat, if not fluff, but certainly for the movie buff, you'll enjoy the director's commentary and value adds the DVD contains. If you liked this series, and are ready to reintroduce yourself to a sci-fi classic, BUY THIS DVD TODAY!
 If you are a Hulk fan don't let the age of this TV movie fool you. It's a more true portrayal of the Hulk character.  Without the CGI and modern film effects it still holds up as a classic Man vs Monster story.  The second film "Married or Bride of the Hulk works the same type of story only the Hulk is trying to rescue a young lady who is being abused by her family to collect insurance money. All in all these films are the better of the modern version.  While the special effects got me to go to the theater this version stands the test of time.
 When I saw the pilot episode I really hated it. I don't remeber why I hated it but now I love it!!!!! It's about a man named David Banner(Bill Bixby) who's wife died in a car acident. Angry that he was not able to save his wife, he finds out that the same thing has been happing to other people, only they saved the person in the person car. David finds out that it is the gamma energy that is helping the other people save the person in the car. David put gamma energy into his body, but so much that it made this creature called the Hulk( Lou Freggino). Great start to a great series. Better than the movie. This DVD has another episode called  Marride  which is very good and has lots of Hulk sceans. Well worth your money.
 Von Ryan's Express is a WW2 movie deserving of classic status. The action is not exactly battlefield stuff, but the movie weaves an interesting plot into a tension filled escape of POW's from the Nazi's.  Frank Sinatra's sleepy style compliments the role he plays as someone who has just escaped from a POW camp.  The supporting cast all perform admirably and it is very refreshing to have a film where the Germans actually speak German and the Italians speak Italian.  Made in 1965, the period when war movies were made in droves, Von Ryan's Express stood out amoung them as being that little bit different.  What a great time I had in the late 60's and early 70's watching these movies and when this movie came out I found it so exciting.  I have lost none of that enthusiasm for the movie today.  It is one I regularly pull out of my DVD collection and give an airing.  Okay, it doesn't have the polish of recent war movies but it has qualities that just can't be emulated even with the latest movie making technology.  Highly recommended.
 This film gets my vote for the best WWII movie ever!  It's got Trevor Howard as the penultimate crazy British colonel, and our man Frank as the no nonsense American Flying ace.  The characters bring out interesting  facts about the Italian Cooperation with the Germans (very half-hearted)  during wwII and the sense of frustration and uncertainty during the closing  days of the war on the part of all the countries involved.  This film  represents the sense of honor and integrity that were common among  soldiers, at that time, and how human beings can have odd interpratations  of these noble character traits.
 First of all, I'm only 19 years old and part of the new-age technology generation; yet I can't get enough of this movie. Sinatra and his supporting cast are truly unbelievable in this suspense-filled drama about a bunch of POW's trying to run north to escape Italian and Nazi control. If you haven't seen it on American Movie Classics, then chances are you haven't seen this movie in decades. Since I'm still relatively young, AMC has been the only source for my own personal viewing of Von Ryan's Express...But not anymore. Trust me people, you won't regret this purchase. ...
 Simply put the best movie I have ever had the pleasure of watching.  Frank Sinatura, I must say, was an unbelievably good actor.  Although often known only for his singing talent, he proves his amazing talent for acting in this movie.  I have seen plenty of action movies throughout the years, however this movie is without a doubt my favorite.  I recommend it to any person, whether young or old, with the hopes that you enjoy it as much as i did!
 I am 21 years old and have watched this movie since I was 4 years old. Its one of the greatest WWII movies with a great cast and a great story. If you loved The Great Escape, then you will find this as good as that movie was. I never knew Sinatra as a singer till much later in my life, but I knew him as an actor at first. Turned out he was great as an actor and singer.
 Von Ryan's Express is an excellent war adventure set in Italy during WWII.  The movie is about a group of prisoners attempting to escape to freedom by taking over the train they are being transported on.  They are led by a man they hate, US Air Force Colonel Joseph Ryan, because of the way things happened in the past prison camp.  This is a very exciting movie with plenty of action and also a unique story out of World War II.  As well, the conclusion is one of the best endings to a war movie ever.  Trevor Howard's line is the perfect capper.  This movie boasts an excellent cast to go along with fine storytelling and action.  Frank Sinatra is very good as Colonel Ryan with Trevor Howard also great as his second in command British Major Fincham.  Also joining them are Brad Dexter, Sergio Fantoni, John Leyton, Edward Mulhare as Father Costanza in a very funny role, and Wolfgang Preiss in another role as an arrogant German officer.  This is a very good movie with an impressive cast alongside a good story.  Excellent musical score by Jerry Goldsmith also.  The DVD gives a widescreen presentation, remastered stereo, and also theatrical trailers from several movies including this one.  A worthwhile movie for Sinatra fans and action fans!
 Von Ryan's Express is a classical world war two movie.It stars Frank Sinatra.This happens to be one of my favorites.Which focuses on the support given by the Italians to the Germans.Its one of the few that does this.You will not be disappointed with this classic.I would choose this one if you like Frank or just wish to see some really cool trains..
 I believe that this movie is one of the best screen performances Frank Sinatra has ever given, the screen play is also excellent, this movie has been under rated in my opinion as many of Sinatra's movies are. It's a good action flick with very good performances, Trevor Howard is also a very good actor.
 An excellent World War II movie. This one would go into a category that I would consider "classic. I would consider this to be a "must have for folks that like movies involving WW2. Frank Sinatra does an excellent job as Colonel Ryan a captured American pilot that finds himself in a prison camp in Italy. Colonel Ryan is put in command of the prisoners due to his rank. Two problems. The first problem is that Ryan is one of only a handful of American P.O.W.s in a predominently British camp. The other is the Italian Commanding office of the camp. It goes from there.. GREAT movie
 this movie is good especially the language,they spoke in their own language and with enlish subtitles so that we can understand what they are talking about,in german.i hope all war movie comes in oringinal dialect of cause it must have english subtitle.
 I saw this movie years ago and loved it then. When I saw the DVD I brought it. The quality of this fast paced movie is very good. I really enjoyed the scenes where Frank Sinitra,as the new POW leader,made the Italians give the POWs new uniforms. The action is plentiful and the acting good.Sinitra doesn't sing but he is convincing as the American colonel.
 I this movie is my favorite movie of all time.  I am biased towards it because I have this movie on VHS, laserdisc (an old media type), DVD, and now the Special Edition DVD.  If you like the movie you will love the 2nd disk that is with this.  It is a great movie and it is about time that 20th Century Fox come out with the Special edition.  I am not going to go into details about the movie, you can read those above, but Frank Sinatra and Trevor Howard are dynamite in this film!
 If you liked the Civil War story of the stolen train in which Anderson stole the train the General Laregest mass awards of the Congressional Medal of Honor in the histroy of the USA)  and ran it through Confederate territory being pursued by the dedicated Mr Fuller, then you will think this is wonderful...A British regiment is in an Italian concentration camp when an American Piolot (Frank Sinatra) arrives...he is the senior officer but the tradition of a fusilier regiment vs an American flying jock who thinks the war is just about over provides a good basis for character development amongst the allies...when the italians surrender the prisioners are to be moved north to Germany...however if all had gone according to plan there would have been no need for a movie...a must see...must own
 One often forgets that Frank Sinatra, besides being one of the last century's (Yeah, it is!) vocal talents, was one heckuva an actor.   Von Ryan's Express  is a great World War II yarn with a   Great Escape -type storyline and vivid performances from the  main stars and the supporting players.  Of course, the Nazi villains are  rather stereotypically rotten, but that just adds to the  fun  as  Sinatra and company outwit them.  The end scene still brings a tear to this  reviewer's eyes.
 Von Ryan's Express (VRE) is classic WWII `escapist' entertainment.  Frank Sinatra stars in the suspenseful adventure that involves a train commandeered by a group of liberated Allied POW's in Italy, making a desperate bid for freedom, with the German army close behind.  Although this two disc version of VRE provides additional information about the film, and has some informative bonus features, you may want to pass, if you already own the regular edition of the film.  Much of the focus is directed at legendary composer Jerry Goldsmith, and while Goldsmith did marvelous work in both film and television, it seems a bit odd having the music department sharing the spotlight with the megastar Sinatra.  The bonus disc contains four short featurettes, trailers, TV spots and a still gallery.  Very nice, but this content totals less than an hour.  Also included are four, high quality, miniature replicas of lobby cards.  As the sole bonus feature on the main disc, Goldsmith's musical score is isolated, and combined with a new commentary track.  Rousing and exciting when it needs to be, and poignant as well, Goldsmith's music is an excellent match for the onscreen action.  The composer seems to have taken a minimalist approach, as only about 27 minutes of the film has music running underneath.  VRE runs 117 minutes, and during most of the remaining 90 minutes, commentary is provided by producer Nick Redman, musical historian John Burlingame, and screenwriter Lem Dobbs, who discuss both the music, and other matters concerning the film.  Their commentary is rather low-key and analytical, mostly centered on Sinatra, and putting VRE in historical context.  Running between the sections with music, the commentary is interesting, though disjointed at times.  Unfortunately, aside from Sinatra, not much is said about others in the cast, like Trevor Howard or Edward Mulhare.  Raffaella Carra receives some critical hits from the panel.  No mention at all is made of actors Adolfo Celi, Sergio Fantoni, Wolfgang Preiss, or Vito Scotti.  The film was shot in Hollywood, and at various locations in Europe.  Prior to VRE, Sinatra had been in Hawaii, directing his first (and only) film, None But the Brave (1965), a WWII adventure set on an island in the south Pacific.  While in Hawaii, Sinatra was apparently saved from drowning by Brad Dexter, who became a close friend.  Thanks to Frank, Dexter appears in VRE with fourth billing.  According to information in the bonus materials, Twentieth Century Fox's epic, Cleopatra (1963) was a financial bomb, and the crippled studio was backing VRE, looking for it to deliver solid returns at the box office.  Similar to `The Great Escape', the screenplay was modified to increase the level of action, and boost the film's appeal.  VRE was based on a book by David Westheimer, who actually was a POW in Italy.  Westheimer worked on the original screenplay, and other writers later contributed to create a more action-packed and exciting, though unrealistic story.  When Old Blues Eyes signed on, the Von Ryan character was rewritten to reflect his personality.  During production, Sinatra was demanding and temperamental, and had issues with director Mark Robson.  It was Sinatra who insisted that his character die, and he refused to film an alternate ending.  Jerry Goldsmith, who wanted to be a composer from an early age, won an Oscar for The Omen (1976).  A true giant in the industry, he scored many other films in his long career, including The Planet of the Apes, The Blue Max, Patton, Chinatown, Our Man Flint, Papillion, Logan's Run, The Sand Pebbles, Basic Instinct, Total Recall, Deep Rising, Supergirl, Alien, Poltergeist, Air Force One, Mulan, and Star Trek the Motion Picture.  Though his score for Von Ryan was excellent, because of lack of material, a soundtrack was never released.  Goldsmith passed away in 2004 at the age of 75.  Von Ryan's Express is a classic film that is very much indicative of a particular time, style, and genre of filmmaking.  Featuring a charismatic star, it sweeps you along and takes you on a tense and exciting journey.  This edition is certainly the one to get, but for those that already own the standard version of the film, unless you really love Von Ryan's Express, Frank Sinatra, or perhaps Jerry Goldsmith, it may not justify a repeat purchase.
 Gorgeously shot on location in Italy, Mark Robson's underrated 1965 war drama is clever, credible, and exceedingly suspenseful. The ensemble cast, including Sinatra as rugged Colonel Ryan and Trevor Howard as a rigid British officer, really clicks. Director Robson keeps the action brisk on this "Express, resulting in a breathless ride with a stunner of an ending.
 VON RYAN'S EXPRESS is a great WWII action film about allied soldiers who hijack a train to get POW's to saftey.  Frank Sinatra, in the title role, and an all-star cast are great as they try to outsmart the Germans as they drive the train through enemy territory. There are great action scenes and pulse pounding moments. However, the ending, depending on one's point of view is either classic or depressing.  Frank Sinatra was at the top of his game and popularity that he lets his character get killed in the final moments of the film practically imitated by James Brown in the DIRTY DOZEN.  Overall, a great movie!! Note
 Mark robson has crafted a film of high suspense and cinematic excellence.  Sinatra's performance is on a par with his portrayal of the Korean War brain-washed captain in, "The Manchurian Candidate.  This DVD would be a welcome addition to any collector's action/suspense section of their library.
 A great collection of World War II Movies. Great actors and great action. I highly recommend this set. And you can't beat the price.
 I hadn't seen this movie since it came out in theaters, so it was just like seeing it for the first time. Well-acted, with an outstanding cast, "Von Ryan's Express has many thrills, unexpected events, and humour. If you have not seen a Sinatra film, this would be a good place to begin. Get out the popcorn and soda!
 Frank does a wonderful job in the film, as do all the supporting actors.It is a classic, and a good one!!! AA++ I am very pleased with the purchase!!
 One of my fav films . I bought this on VHS years ago for my now late father. He loved it and I enjoyed it so much I also bought a copy . Being from NJ many people knew Mr .Sinatra ( my ex father in law grew up with him ) his works are without compare . I bought this again as it reminds me of the times dad and I would set and watch old sci fi films , Abbott and Costello and of course Mr Sinatra . Tevor Howard is a fine English actor and has much to his credit , I do feel Edward Mulhare stole the show as he impersonated an arrogant  German officer . If you like something thats actually light , yes a war movie , and enjoy rooting for the good guys this film is it! we baby boomers must have good taste as my nephew has asked to borrow Von Ryans .....
 But doesn't the trailer kind of ruin it for those of us that haven't seen all the classics? I'm not to sure I want to buy it anymore 
 Four really outstanding World War 2 movies. This set is worth every penny and more, buying them all individually would cost 4x as much. The DVDS are all top grade and the movies are totally remastered. Where else can you get 4 great movies together with so many great actors in them at such a low price.
 If you like World War II movies you will enjoy "Von Ryan's Express".  It is suspenseful until the very end.  It has an all star cast from the 1950-60's, but not in their usual "handsome devil roles. It is a great movie because it shows the sacrifices real men and women made in order for us to live as we do today. This was before "Don't ask. Don't tell.  They didn't need that back then.
 A fine movie.  I saw this one years ago, when it first came out.  (Yes, I've dated myself.)  This a quality recording, and if this is your genre, you will enjoy the movie.
 I think the cast of stars was exceptionl. The acting superb.The attire worn by the allies and Germans authentic. I would rate this film with the all time greats... Twelve Oclock High, Sahara,GI Joe,Casa Blanca,Purple Heart.Home of the brave.Iwo Jima, Pork Chop Hill,Judgement at Nuermberg,The Long Hot Summer...
 Jsie and the pussycats is a GREAT movie! I loved it from start to finish. It's so funny, with a great soundtrack. I urge you to buy it right NOW!
 I LOVE this movie! That pretty much sums it up. I saw it 5 times in theaters and plan to see it 300 times that on VHS. The rating is PG-13, .... if you let your kids watch South Park, this is like Barney.
 Josie McCoy and her best friends, Valerie and Melody, make up The Pussycats, a struggling garage band from the town of Riverdale, U.S.A. They're gorgeous, they're talented, they're a little naive, and they can't seem to get a break in the record business! Little do they know that Wyatt Frame, the main man at Megarecords, is looking for a new act, and he just happens to be looking in Riverdale. After the tragic deaths of the members of his most recent pop sensation find, boy-band Du Jour, Wyatt is desperate to find a replacement. When he stumbles upon Josie and the girls crossing a busy street with their instruments in hand, he signs them immediately without hearing a single note of music from them. Suddenly, the newly dubbed "Josie and the Pussycats are on a rollercoaster ride to fame and fortune, and within a week they have a number one song and a sold out concert on the horizon. But the girls don't know that the sinister music industry has been slipping subliminal messages under their tracks, using their music to sell everything from tennis shoes to Gatorade. When Valerie begins to catch on, Wyatt preoccupies her with the idea that Josie is hogging the spotlight, and when simple-minded Melody ALSO begins to get a bad feeling about things, Wyatt's boss, Fiona, decides the two trouble-making pussycats must be eliminated.  Josie and the Pussycats is fun beyond belief. A perfect cast and a smart, funny script carry this movie to a level few comedies have been able to reach recently. The potty humor is to a minimum, focusing the laughs on quirky characters and a great plot about trends and product placement advertising. Despite what some reviewers might say, this live-action version of the famous cartoon band does an excellent job of staying true to the characters while updating them for a 21st century audience. The excessive product placement is meant to be a joke, not a huge ad. Anyone who says otherwise must have completely missed the point of the film, which is pretty sad since it was extremely clear and simple. A warning should be placed on the soundtrack to this movie though. The songs are great, with very sexy voices, but there is a LOT of sexual innuendo here and there. As for the perfect casting I mentioned before, Rachael Leigh Cook is gorgeous and talented as usual, a perfect choice, and definitely one of my top dream-girls. I only wish she had been cast as Sailor Mercury years ago in the live-action Sailor Moon movie that was almost made. Tara Ried and Rosario Dawson were excellent also. Though Tara's character, Melody, aside from being gorgeous, may also seem ridiculously stupid at times, this is only in keeping with the original cartoon character's personality, so God bless 'em for not changing her! Alexander and Alexandra were well cast as well, and really added some extremely funny moments to the film, as did the hilarious villains, Fiona and Wyatt. Alan M. was also nicely cast, though extremely scrawny in comparison to the original cartoon character, but that's the modern image of a hunk I suppose. Oh, and Du Jour, the boy band parody, was too, TOO funny! Great casting there too! Seth Green is always hilarious! All in all, this is simply an awesome movie! Definitely one of my all-time favorite films. As for DVD extras, there's a behind the scenes featurette, great deleted scenes, a hot little Pussycats video, two very funny Du Jour videos, and some other little niblettes. A warning though, for all the other guys like me who'd do just about anything for a date with Rachael Leigh Cook
 I love this movie, which is funny in itself since when it came out I had no interest in seeing it. I didn't think that I could relate to it at all until my curiousity got the better of me when nothing else was on cable. I was more than pleasantly surprised. I work in advertising, so the way they made fun of things "Orange is the new pink! and the blatant placement of logos and branding was something I could totally relate to. I also like that it pokes much fun at the kind of music that kids (dare I call them kids...I'm not that much older...well, I guess I am now) these days tend to listen to. Groups that pop up overnight with some craptacular tune that those of us with any sense of taste would never listen to. This movie makes fun of everything I make fun of and I love it for that. I also love Parker Posey and her presentation...it's well worth watching for that alone!
 When I first seen this movie I didn't care for it too much, but that's because I didn't see this first 10 minutes of it. But when I seen it on TV, it got a little better and soon I found myself watching this movie everytime it came on and then eventually buying the dvd and cd. I'm Pussycat obsessed!! I make sure I watch this movie at least twice a week. I even find myself quoting Val, "You messed with the wrong Pussy! LOL I love this movie. Tara Reid did a superb job of portraying Melody Valentine, and airheaded blonde. Rosario Dawson was really kewl as Valerie Brown, the street smart pussycat (I've only seen her on "Down To You as the stoner girl, so this was nice seeing her in a real acting role). And finally, Rachael Leigh Cook was really kewl as Josie McCoy, the singer. I loved when she let the subliminal messages get to her and she told off Mel and Val. "What's the matter snuggle-bunny?? Realizing the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows? and this one "Puppies grow into dogs, who get old and DIE! LOL Oh this is gonna be a cult classic. And it really does make you think if record companies are brainwashing the youth of america with subliminal messages, because I know too many girls who act like the freaky fans. I also think Alan Cumming and Parker Posey did a great job being the villans of the flick. I'm used to Parker Posey being a [mean] person because of her character on "Dazed and Confused". Anyhoo, this movie is for everyone, young and old 
 JoSiE aNd ThE PuSSyCaTs iS a GrEaT MoViE aNd HaS tHe BeSt PuNk RoCk MuSiC SiNcE CoYoTe UgLy.
 This movie ROCKS!  I couldn't get enough of it! I think that everyone should see this movie! It has excitement , comedy and adventure. Has a great message for everyone!  You've got to see this movie!!!
 I never saw Josie and the Pussycats for the longest time--the previews made it look like one of the many teen, self-actualization movies where girls from Small-town, USA, beat the odds and achieve their dreams as rock-stars.  Ugh.  Oh, but how wrong was I and almost everyone else who chose not to see the film...  This film is a critique on modern music and the way everything has become corporate.  But don't let the depth of this film turn you away if you're just looking for something entertaining.  This movie has tons of that too.  It's perhaps the funniest satire I've seen in years (Alan Cumming is the man), and you will know why this is during the opening scene of the film on the airplane.  ("Take the Chevy to the Levy"--brilliant.)  Keep an eye out for all the product placement in the movie, too--the studio received exactly no compensation for them.  It's all a part of the bigger joke, which I won't spoil here.  (A joke that is RIDICULOUS in the extreme sense of the word, but you'll love the writers for it.)  Acting is great, pacing is excellent, music is awesome, and why are you still reading this review?  Click "Add to Cart.  If you still have your doubts, go out and rent this film.  (Be sure to get the PG-13 version of the film.)  Believe me, though, that there's a really good chance that this will end up on your shelf before long.
 I am astonished that this film has been so undeservingly underated. It strikes me that certain people went along with the intention of having an utterly miserable time if they saw anything less brilliant than 'Citizen Kane', then took enormous pleasure in savaging this film when it failed to reach their vast expectations. Frankly if you are so through an elitist in films that the thought of teenage or 20ish characters (God forbid) or their brand of pop culture makes you break out into a hysterical fit of ranting, then you should have known better than to stay away from this. DuJour are an utterly devestating parody of a boyband, and understandably much of the first half-hour is spent in their shadow. Still our introduction to the Pussycats is well done, and easily establishes their current standing. Rachael Leigh Cook, a stunning actress with the largest eyes I have ever seen, is nicely done here. To anyone who would doubt her comedic talent - or lack of interest there in - just watch her eye movements in her first scene with Alan M. Maybe, and I confess I am not an expert, she is different from the cartoon Josie, but by all accounts that is a good thing. In the cartoons I hear she was a nonentity, here she is the core character of the film. While Tara Reid's Melody is perhaps funnier, Josie is still the  centre and Rachael Leigh Cook does it well. The other Pussycats have similar good moments, though shorter than Josie's. Alan Cumming simply lights up the screen whenever he appears. While we are required to actually like Josie, Mel and Val (and they are in fact very likeable) Cummings Whyatt Frame is under no such constraints and it is entirely suitable that he is the only character to break the fourth wall. Posey Parker is almost as good as Cumming, but odder yet. She is good fun in the film, though not as purely fantastic as Cumming. The supporting cast are okay. Paulo Costanzo as the Pussycats hopeless manager Alexander Cabot III is the best, but Missi Pyle, Gabriel Mann, Tom Butler and especially Alexander Martin, are all very good. I'm amazed that so many people seem to have either not realised the product placement was part of the films joke, or have realised it, but decide to hold it against them anyway. The gag does become a little cloying after a while, but it does slow down a bit in the final half hour, and is never too distracting. If you found the product placement scene in Waynes World funny, this should cause you no trouble. The music is of course down to personal taste, but I found some of it at least pretty good, and nothing more unmemorable than any other film track. '3 Simple Words' and 'Pretend to be Nice' are viable singles in their own right, and you will never be able to listen to a boyband again after 'Backdoor Lover' and 'DuJour around the World'. Rachael Leigh Cook, Tara Reid and Rosario Dawson do at least provide backing for their own songs, which is something. Overall I would say that this was one of the most underated films of 2001 and the least deserved flop. What kind of sick world is it where 'The Mummy Returns' is more popular than 'Josie...?' Watch it. Yours ~Ross
 I went to this movie expecting nothing more than to watch Rachel Leigh Cook (Josie) and Tara Ried (Mel) dance around on stage in skimpy outfits.  Imagine my surprise one of the funniest opening scenes I have ever seen! From the boy band named  Du Jour  (I guarantee my roommate and I were the only 2 people in the entire theatre filled with 13 year old girls who got that joke) and their hit single  Backdoor Lover  to the rediculous product placements and government conspiracy to put subliminal messages and advertisements in our music, thereby controlling trends and keeping teenagers buying the next best thing.  Younger viewers who don't necissarily get the humor will enjoy the music and the unbelieveable plotline and love story while older viewers will enjoy the hilarious and almost plausible hyperbole of the conspiracy.
 I avoided this movie for a long time, being that it just looked horrible.  Then, one boring night it came on cable, and since I had watched everything else already, I gave it a look...And I laughed my arse off!  It totally makes fun of the target audience it was made to entertain.  I mean, don't go looking for an award winning movie here (not artsy-fartsy), but it's stupid fun and is worth a damn good laugh or two. I'm not big on dumb humor movies, but this has just enough twist (and clever twists) to keep me laughing.  I was VERY surprised to have enjoyed this movie as much as I did.  Perhaps there IS something to subliminal messages in movies?
 I thought this movie would be a mindless piece of fluff, but it was creative and well acted.  I didn't know that Parker Posey, who is dazzling in films such as Clockwatchers and the House of Yes, or Alan Cumming, who was great in Titus, were in this film, nor Seth Green as a Dujour member, as well as the guy who plays Turk on Scrubs, Donald Faison. I didn't expect the first ten minutes to be SO funny. I nearly spit out my gum.  Just the idea of someone killing a boy band because they started to get wise to their manager's tricks was hilarious.  The Target plane was silly and added so much to the rest of the films anti-consumer theme. After this, it got a little slower, so I thought, ok, the fun part is over and now it is a MTV music video for three cute girls. But it was more than that.  It had a great plotline with the girls becomming rock starlets overnight, wondering about their success, expect the blonde girl who likes singing "If you are happy and you know it clap you hands in the Mc Donald's shower. I also liked the goth punk kids who were slowly being controlled to like pop music. Oh and Parker Posey's big hooped mess of a dress and the flower thing that made noise when she moved. Reminded me a lot of Austin Powers or lesser known but good films like Monkeybone or Office Space.  One more thing, I love Josie and the Pussycats. They are my favorite band.  I also want a pair of Steve Madden shoes and Diet Coke with Lemon is the new Pepsi One.
 When I heard there was going to be a  Josie and the Pussycats  movie, I first though  oh, no!  NOT ANOTHER HANNA-BARBERA CARTOON ADAPTED TO SCREEN (The flintstones)!!!  but when I saw it with my friends on the first night of Spring Break, I was laughing the whole time out.  Here's the basic story
 Josie McCoy and her best friends, Valerie and Melody, make up The Pussycats, a struggling garage band from the town of Riverdale, U.S.A. They're gorgeous, they're talented, they're pretty naive, and they can't seem to get a break in the record business! Little do they know that Wyatt Frame, the main man at Megarecords, is looking for a new act, and he just happens to be looking in Riverdale. After the tragic deaths of the members of his most recent pop sensation find, boy-band Du Jour, Wyatt is desperate to find a replacement. When he stumbles upon Josie and the girls crossing a busy street with their instruments in hand, he signs them immediately, without hearing a single note of music from them. Suddenly, the newly dubbed Josie and the Pussycats are on a rollercoaster ride to fame and fortune, and within a week they have a number one song and a sold out concert on the horizon. But the girls don't know that the sinister music industry has been slipping subliminal messages under their tracks, using their music to sell everything from tennis shoes to Gatorade. When Valerie begins to catch on, Wyatt preoccupies her with the idea that Josie is hogging the spotlight, and when simple-minded Melody ALSO begins to get a bad feeling about things, Wyatt's boss, Fiona, decides the two trouble-making pussycats must be eliminated. Josie and the Pussycats is fun beyond belief. A perfect cast and a smart, funny script carry this movie to a level few comedies have been able to reach recently. The potty humor is to a minimum, focusing the laughs on quirky characters and a great plot about trends and product placement advertising. Despite what some reviewers might say, this live-action version of the famous cartoon band does an excellent job of staying true to the characters, while updating them for a 21st century audience. The excessive product placement is meant to be a joke, not a huge ad. Anyone who says otherwise must have completely not understood the plot of the film, which is pretty sad since it was extremely clear and simple. A warning should be placed on the soundtrack to this movie though. The songs are great, with very sexy voices, but there is a LOT of sexual innuendo here and there. As for the perfect casting I mentioned before, Rachael Leigh Cook is gorgeous and talented as usual, a perfect choice, and definitely one of my top dream-girls. I only wish she had been cast as Sailor Mercury years ago in the live-action Sailor Moon movie that was almost made. Tara Ried and Rosario Dawson were well cast too. Though Tara's character, Melody, aside from being gorgeous, may also seem ridiculously stupid at times, this is only in keeping with the original cartoon character's personality, so God bless `em for not changing her! Alexander and Alexandra were well cast as well, and really added some extremely funny moments to the film, as did the hilarious villains, Fiona and Wyatt. Alan M. was also well cast, though extremely scrawny in comparison to the original cartoon character, but that's the modern image of a hunk I suppose. Oh, and Du Jour, the boy band parody, was too, TOO funny! Great casting there too! Seth Green is always hilarious! All in all, this is simply an awesome movie! You can't go wrong by buying a copy! Definitely rising in ranks to one of my all time favorite films. As for DVD extras, there's a behind the scenes featurette, great deleted scenes, a hot little Pussycats video, two very funny Du Jour videos, and some other little niblettes. A warning though, for all the other guys like me, who'd do just about anything for a date with Rachael Leigh Cook
 I would have never imagined that I would enjoy this movie as much as I did.  But, it&#65533;s great!! It is a brilliant satirical attack on the recording industry and how much marketing is tied into art.  It is so much fun. Rachael Leigh Cook is an amazing actress and I do hope that Hollywood&#65533;s lights continue to receive this rather stunning young starlet.  The cast in the movie was great. &#65533;American Pie&#65533;s&#65533; Tara Reid plays the rather effervescent &#65533;Melody,&#65533; the band&#65533;s drummer.  Rosario Dawson plays the bassist, &#65533;Val.&#65533;  Parker Posey and Alan Cumming fill out the &#65533;bad guy&#65533; roles rather well.  The Pussycat music is actually pretty catchy.  There were a slew of songwriters involved in this picture. Adam Duritz of Counting Crows and several others, wrote music for the movie that was later sacked.  I do believe there is one Duritz penned song in the movie.  The interaction of the group, the satirical story, and even the moderately cheesy love story, all give this movie an almost infectious likeability.  I never grow tired of watching it.  I don&#65533;t know what was left out of the &#65533;PG&#65533; rated version, so, get the &#65533;PG-13&#65533; or you may miss something cool.  This movie is well worth owning, don&#65533;t bother renting it.   epc
 Josie and the Pussycats is a movie that a person will either hate, or they will love it. I fall into the  Love it  category. I just found it fun to watch. Rachel Leigh Cooke, Rosario Dawson, and Tara Reid (Hilarious!  I could be in this room - and in the bathroom - and in the closet ) made completely lovable characters out of Josie, Val, and Mel. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey were great as our  cartoonish  villians. Parker Posey was hilarious and completely over the top, but it was great. There are plenty of cameos
 I had never wanted to see this movie and finally caught it on cable one night.  To my amazement, I loved it.  Its a whole lot smarter and funnier than I had imagined it to be.  When a boy band called DuJour begins to get wise to the record labels devious tricks, they disappear and the exec goes searching for the next big thing.  What he finds is a garage band called "Josie and the Pussycats", a struggling girl group playing bowling alleys and malls.  To their surprise, he makes them an overnight sensation and within one week, they are the number one band in the country.  But is there something odd about this?  Yes and the trouble begins when Josie begins to realize she is being brainwashed and their cd is also brainwashing millions of teenyboppers. This is a tongue in cheek view of popular pop groups and teen fashion and fads.  The government and corportations are selling Big Macs, clothes and other "must haves through subliminal messages and there is even an underground lab where every film star, cd and teen slang is created by corporate clones. From the Ronald McDonald infested bathroom to the kitty-eared headphones telling all teens to conform, its a perfect satire of the recording and fashion industries. Hilarious and not just for kids, Josie and the Pussycats almost makes you wonder just where all those lightning quick fads are coming from.  Great!
 I just want to tell all the guys out there to get over their macho egos. This is an excellent movie that has probably been rarely seen by anyone over the age of 13 or not of the female gender. Yeah so its marketed to that demographic, that doesn't mean its not a qaulity movie. I would just like to proclaim proudly that I am a 20 year old male and I enjoy this movie to no end. I remember hearing "3 Small Words on TRL when the movie came out and liked it. But, like most people who aren't 13 year old girls I thought "I can't let anyone know that I like this". I just forgot about it until I happen to see it on a movie channel. I watched it for about 20 minutes and thought "this is actaully funny, smart, and entertaining. It didn't hurt that I was a fan of Rachael Leigh Cook, either. Then I remembered hearing "3 Small Words and just as I did the studio scene arrived and I heard them play it and thought "there is no way I can live without this movie or soundtrack any longer. So without seeing the whole movie I went out and purchased the DVD and the Soundtrack. Yes, I braved the strange looks of the cashiers and never looked back. Upon seeing the whole movie and hearing the whole soundtrack, I was hooked and proceeded to watch and listen to them incessantly. Rachael, Rosario, and Tara turn in great performances and Alan Cumming steals the show as Wyatt Frame. Breckin, Alex, Donald, and Seth are hilarious as the boy band DuJour and Parker Posie plays the perfect arch-villian Fiona. This movie is laugh out loud funny and whip-smart with an intriguing and original plot. The only thing stopping you from enjoying this is your tough guy image. Its okay to admit you love this movie. I am proud to say that I do!
 I thought this movie looked incredibly stupid when I saw it promoted - and I stayed far away from it when it came to the theater.  Then, recently, a friend of mine wanted to watch it and I basically had no choice but to sit and watch it with him.  I really like Parker Posey, so I tried to make the most of the movie. And, about two minutes into Josie, I reaized I didn't have to  make the most of anything.  This is a really cool movie.  It's surprisingly very smart too.  It says alot about our culture today...all the consumerism and marketing and cross-promotion synergy that's forced down our throats (read an article in a magazine about a book that's being made into a movie with a documentary feature being produced for the TV and a video game set to hit stores by Christmas, right after the fast food Happy Meal tie-ins...Welcome to McWorld!...and spend, spend, spend!). The movie is also very funny.  What horrible marketing it had when it was in theaters!  I never knew this flick would be roll on the floor hilarios.  Tara Reid is genius in this movie - and that's something I would never have dreamed I'd say about Tara Reid, based on what I know about her from her appearances on TRL or whatever.  Her character is hands-down my favorite in the movie. She has some really great lines and gags as the sweetly-stupid Melody.  She's worth watching the movie entirely unto herself. The rest of the cast is really great too.  I'm not a big fan of Alan Cummings, but Parker Posey is her usual talented self here.  There's several great cameos in this - and lots of in-jokes for people who remember the Pussycats cartoon from the 70s/early 80s.   I honestly can't say anything bad about this movie.  It's one that I can see again and again and still laugh out loud over.  And the great thing about it is that hardly anyone has seen it.  It's one of those private little gems you can add to your dvd collection and take out to surprise and entertain friends one night.  They will totally make fun of you when you suggest Josie and the Pussycats...but I GUARANTEE you they'll apologize when the movie starts up.  I still apologize to my friend for making fun of him about his love of Josie.  But like I said, when I'm wrong, I admit it.   Seriously..give his movie a chance and add it to your collection.  You won't regret it.
 Josie and the Pussycats is one of the best movies I've ever saw.  It didn't do very well at the box office, but its because they didn't market themselves correctly.  There are so much things to rave about, but I think most of the reviews spoil the movie by telling what its about, and I don't think the film makers wanted you to know because they never mentioned the other plot in the trailers.  (Yeah I know my review sounds confusing!)  But the other great things about this movie is that the characters are very likeable and hilarious.  The girls actually look like rock stars, and the music just makes you wanna get up and dance.  I swear after you've seen this movie, you'll have to get the soundtrack.  The boy band DuJour is hilarious, and I loved the I Want it That Way spoof of the Backstreet Boys (although the Backstreet Boys aren't a boy band, they're a harmonizing group)  although I wonder why there's four of them instead of five.  Alan Cunning and Parker Posey are just perfectly cast, and they're such great actors.  In short, JUST SEE THIS MOVIE!
 This was a great movie, with catchy tunes.  As a fan of the original cartoon series, I much looked forward to the release of the movie.  And I wasn't disappointed at all.  Rachael Leigh Cook is fantastic as Josie.  I would highly recomend this movie.
 `Josie and the Pussycats' is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen. With a great cast, a well written script, and good songs included, you cannot help but love this movie!  The movie starts off with the boy band DuJour (imitating BSB, who were famous during the time this movie released), who discover something awkward behind the music in their CD and are made victims of a plane crash when their manager Wyatt Frame decides to get rid of them before they find out anything more. In search of a new band, Wyatt notices Josie McCoy, Melody Valentine and Valerie Brown of the group `The Pussycats', and instantaneously makes them famous so that the company's secret mission behind the music continues. Josie and her gang promise each other that they would be friends first and a group second. However, once they become popular, Josie's attitude changes, but will she realize her mistakes and bring peace in the end?  This movie was hilarious from start to end. Rachel Leigh Cook, Rosario Dawson, and especially Tara Reid acted out their part well as the Pussycats. But the credit has to go to Alan Cumming and Parker Posey for doing such a fantastic job on their roles, and providing so much humor through the movie. Even Missi Pyle (who played Alexandra Cabot) was funny with her expressions. The storyline, even though it is senseless at times, is totally unique and kept my attention. Director Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan (who also directed the comical `Cant Hardly Wait') balanced out the comedy and romance in this movie and did a first-class job. And last but not the least, the catchy upbeat songs were a great change to listen to, and I'm sure I will be purchasing the soundtrack of this album in sometime.  Even the DVD has some behind the scenes features and an audio commentary for the movie, to entertain us for a while. All in all, `Josie and the Pussycats' will uplift your spirits if you are feeling down, and make you laugh at least once.
 &#65533;Josie and the Pussycats&#65533; brings the 70&#65533;s cartoon about a girl rock band to the big screen.  Overall, people who gave the movie a pass the first time around at the theatres will be pleasantly surprised by this fun movie which pokes a little fun at pop culture and music. THE MOVIE
 I don't know why everyone has a problem with this movie. Unlike most teen girl superstar movies I've seen, this one is intelligent and it actually makes an excellent point about modern music and popular culture in general. The Pussycats' songs are catchy and the Pussycats themselves are pretty nice too. Really good acting all around. Alan Cumming is the perfect bad guy for just about any movie, period. This does not seem to have that much to do with the 1970's cartoon of the same name, but that's for the better, trust me! I have no idea what is edited out of this version of the film, but it doesn't seem to matter. It's awesome anyway!
 Perfect mix of satire, silly humor, and great music.  I never get tired of watching this.
 JOSIE and the PUSSYCATS(PG-13)...I wasn't at all sure what to think when purchasing this movie. I remember seeing the commercials and thinking it was going to be just another teenie-bopper movie. HOW WRONG I WAS! This movie is extremely funny and very well written. It's not the best movie in the world, but it's a great movie for the whole family to sit down and enjoy. I highly recommend it.
 This is an extremely underrated movie. Albeit I only watched it the first time around for Rachael Leigh Cook, but was surprised to find it to be en extremely funny, enjoyable movie. From the frighteningly good portrayal of a boy band in the opening sequence to the catchy Josie tunes, the music will keep you in tune and laughing uproariously. Unfortunately I think many people that watched the movie didn't get the jokes from the DuJour's Backdoor lover song and the advertising being literally everywhere (keep in mind they did not earn a single cent for any of the product placement). Highly recommended.
 I love this movie and probably have watched it over 5 times! The story is about three girls from Riverdale who dream of becoming rock stars. And when they finally get their chance and make their way to success, they also accidentally discover some surprising facts behind it all. I think the main reason I enjoyed this movie was that it contains so many cool rock music and some great scenes, like in the film they reveal the secrets why so many rock stars die in plane accidents or end up breaking up etc, which is perfectly combined with the storyline and I think was really great! Also, they did a very good job on the songs too, all of them rock! So after the movie you might want to get yourself a soundtrack as soon as possible. Most importantly, if you like the movie, you definitely can't miss the DVD. Not only the movie itself, the DVD also includes great special features like 'Behind the Scenes', the commentary &amp; great music videos for 3 songs played in the movie. I highly recommend this one to anyone who fancy pop rock music and teen movies! You'll sure love it!
 I love this movie. Racheal Leigh Cook was the perfect Josie. My favorite lines are.  When life gives you lemons you make lemonade and when the goin' gets tough...    The tough makes lemonade.  I think Melody (Tara Reid) totally made the show. Although Josie was my favorite. Melody ran a close second.
 I saw this movie 3 times in theater.  It's a wonderfully funny rip on boy bands and commercialism.  If you're into ridiculous movies with that 80's feel and girls that rock, then this is the perfect fit.
 I love this movie! Look alot of peeps think it it is extemely corny and it is a little, but it still is a wicked movie! I love Mel! Once you see this movie you will never forget her.
 Josie,Melodie,Val are 3 Sexy and cool musicians who are looking for stardom. They get their wish, but with an evil twist.
 A great satire about commercialism, marketing, trends, and manufactured pop music. It's a smart, cute, and funny movie. I'd recommend it! Rachael Leigh Cook is awesome!
 Okay, I am a boy. Why did I tell you that? Because this may seem like a girl movie but I loved it! Tara Reid, Rosario Dawson and especially Rachel Leight Cook make this movie awesome and hirlarious! You have to see it. A little bit of swearing, but other than that it's great!
 well, what can I say, although the movie is rated PG-13+ anyone can enjoy it from different angles.     The movie kicks off with a boyband named 'Du-jour' which happens to be taking piss out of massed produced music industry.  A garage band 'The Pussycats' is formed by three girls with very contrasting personalities was given an opportunity to become a rockstar and their debut single climbs up to the top of the chart in a matter of week.  But there is something fishy happening behind the hidden curtain.   The soundtrack for this movie contains indie pop almost like female version of Blink182, the main vocal is sung by Kay Hanley from Letters to Cleo.  Each song is very catchy and provides energetic atmosphere.   Extra features include behind the scene, deleted scenes and movie clips which I am sure will make you laugh.  Directors' commentary explains the footage of the movie in detail and also fun to listen to.  Overall it is very fun movie to watch at any occasions.  If you think it is just stupid, that's ok because it is a movie for people with GSOH.
 The reason I love this movie soooo much is because it's simply and funny. It's impossible not to laugh at the sweet dumb-blonde Melody (Tara Reid). I know that alot of people turn this movie down because they think it's stupid, but behind all the humor you actually learn something. Alexander Cabot said it best
 Well I must say I was a little judgemental about seeing a movie based on a cartoon of the past.  But my judgemnet was quickly changed when watching the first 5 minutes of this flick. Mocking Pop bands of today and good music sound track to back it up, this movie is defiently worth a the buy... its fun and entertainment for the everybody...  
 If all the martial arts DVDs I buy were as informative as this one, It would be a perfect world. The footage is historic, so for overall quality, I give it a 4.
 I have been searching for an informative Dvd on Wing Chun basics and now I have found it.  This is some of the best footage that I have seen of this style.
 Should you be yourself, or smooth out the rough edges?  What about opposites?  After many bad endings, how do you know if love is going to be worth the trouble? Jennifer & Ryan are pre-teens when they meet.  Jennifer is being very forward, discussing the implications of her period.  Ryan is a geek, trying to plan everything, who doesn't think Jennifer is his type, and pushes her away.  As the plane takes off, he is afraid of flying.  I actually missed this symbolism, but something at the end of the movie reminds you of it. For the next 5 or so years, and dozens of chance meetings, this scenario repeats until the viewer can hardly stand it.  Ryan will not pick up on Jenny's advances.  For contrast, his roomate works entirely too hard at meeting girls.  Does Ryan play it too straight and careful?  Is Jenny too slutty?  Is her roomate gay?  There are lots of interesting angles and subplots, exaggerated so you don't have to be a genius to pick them up, which I find helpful.  
 I loved this movie. Though it is older, it is just a good, fun love angst comedy kind of like John Hughes used to make. My nearly 8 year old daughter and her 15 year old babysitter liked it so it appeals to a few different age groups depending on maturity level. Even my husband said it was ok. There are a few lame points, but they are almost lame enough to be funny.
 I'm a Freddie Prinz fan and I was so happy to have found this movie on tape. I was really hoping to find it on DVD, but I guess that they didn't make this movie on DVD..lol. Still I'm very happy to own this movie!
 I wasn't expecting much from this movie but I really liked it. I'm not even in my teens so I can't be the  target audience ...but what can I say, it's very entertaining and I loved it.
 I have been searching for a dvd with all of the Goju Ryu kata on it so that I could learn and practice them and this dvd not only has them all on it but many of them are done by Gogen Yamaguchi himself. I couldn't be more excited about this dvd. It is amazing.
 THIS IS A GREAT HISTORICAL ABOUT THE MASTER GOGEN "THE CAT YAMAGUCHI. IT SHOWS BASICS,KIHON, KATAS- "EVEN THE MOST ADVANCED NOT LEARNED BY MANY. GOOD QUALITY. GOOD FOR REVIEW, COLLECTION, LEARNING.  FRANKLIN PUELLO- SANDAN
 I once as a child saw a documentary showing Gogen Yamaguchi training; as we age, childhood memories tend to make people and events grow in stature, after watching this dvd I now know that Gogen was as good as I ever remembered seeing him when he inspired me to take up karate.
 This was one of the first videos I got a hold of when I started tap dancing &amp; I'm still picking up new steps every time I see this video. It is one of the few videos containing the dancing of these greats. All in all, a wonderful display of different tap styles with 3 of the best tappers ever, In my opinion. must have.
 This video was inspirational for me and my kids.  We live where we don't have access to performances.  The video showed some amazing classical tap performance.  My son started working on cleaning up his tapping as soon as the video was over.  He stayed inspired for a good week.  I saw a nice jump in his growth as a tapper.
 AWESOME documentary on the 1/7th Cav main battle in Vietnam.. highly recommend it.
 This series, presented by Walter 'most trusted man in America' Cronkite is good for anyone one wanting to view an unbiased account of the Vietnam war. There is no Barber's Adagio over the footage, no critical narration - it lets the footage and facts speak for itself - boo-koo information as a VET would say.
 This was a brief and very telling anecdote to the later "feel good film, We Were Soldiers of the same battle, the Ia Drang Valley battle of Nov 14-18 1965. This brief documentary includes reminiscences of participants including Colonel Moore of the First of the 7th Air Cav, and Colonel Anh of the NVA and his superior officer, who were in command of the battle. It is far more honest in its representation which includes memory of the haymaker ambush by the NVA after the main battle was over (the Americans thought). The battle was highly significant since General Westmoreland chose to ignore the disastrous ambush and take his lesson from the main battle, which the US "won in terms that had little application in Vietnam, and also Secretary of Defense Macnamara may have concluded, based on this battle, that the war was unwinnable in any terms the American people would accept, yet kept his counsel for three more years. The Hollywood film, we were soldiers, based on Col. Moore's study of the battle, was dishonest and a disservice to Colonel Moore and all the brave soldiers on both sides who fought this battle. It came out just in the wake of 9/11 and as we were gearing up for Iraq and may have fed the need for Americans to feel good about themselves, but it was an historical atrocity which this earlier documentary repairs.  Charles Bland Niagara Falls NY
 I am a die-hard Cheers fan, so I liked this DVD. However, I am disappointed that they have made cuts, and in a least one case, actually changed from the original episode.
 This DVD set contains all 25 episodes of the tenth season of "Cheers that aired on NBC from September 1991 to May 1992.  In this classic sitcom, patrons at a Boston bar form a sort of community, even though they are from different walks of life.  The ongoing subplot of Season Ten is whether Sam (Ted Danson) and Rebecca (Kirstie Alley) will have a child.  This season has quite a few strong episodes.  In one, four of the guys go on a long car trip; in another, Boston Celtic Kevin McHale guest stars; in another, we learn about an early marriage of Frasier's (Kelsey Grammer's); and the season finale is Woody's (Woody Harrelson's) wedding.  Johnny Carson and Senator John Kerry make cameo appearances during the season.  I wonder if there was ever another show that was almost cancelled during its first season that later went on to such great success.  Many sitcoms aren't all that funny, but "Cheers has many laugh-out-loud moments and deserves its status as a classic.
 Cheers is great. From it we got 22 years of great comedy with Frasier. Also Becker could be included. I recieved it fast and in great shape.
 I got the item in a very short period of time, and it was in great condition. It was perfect to give as a gift!
 I received Cheers in good condition and in a timely manner.  The DVD is a gift for my son that is the Air Force over seas.  I know he will love it because he has all the other seasons.  Thanks
 Woody's 2-episode wedding story arc was worth the price of the entire season. "Calling Dr. Daniels, Dr. Jack Daniels! .....too funny!
 Dare I hope that finally CBS Paramount(?) will finish Cheers. I don't care that they cheaped out on the packaging of season nine as long as they finish the entire series. Tripe like Happy Days they do but they don't finish one of the finest comedy series of the century? Let's keep our collective fingers crossed.
 the product was in good shape and was delivered in a quick and ordely fashion.
 I have waited a couple of years for them to release the 10th season. It is still one of  the best sitcoms ever created. I can hardly wait for the 11th (Final Season) to be released!
 After hearing all of the hype about the Catholic-bashing of this movie, I had to see it. As a Catholic, I was hardly offended. Rather, I was left in stitches. First off, it was a completely original premise- the whole idea  of fallen angels attempting to re-enter heaven. One of the things I liked  about the idea is that it gives a glimpse of the dangers in dogmatic  beliefs. Secondly, I thought the dialogue and acting were great! I have  never seen an angel talk a cleric out of her faith before in a movie. I  also found the characters to be incredible. People like Chris Rock, Alan  Rickman, Ben Affleck and Matt Damon made their characters totally  believable.  Simply put, this was a very funny movie that pokes fun at the  structure of religion, not any one belief, and Catholicism tends to have  more structure and guilt associated with it than any other religion I know.  This is definitely a must-see movie- ESPECIALLY if you're Catholic.
 Dogma seems to evoke either love or hate from those who saw it. I for one LOVED it -- thought it was not only a brilliant satire on organized religion but a well-cast, well-acted, hilarious romp that never failed to  please. Most of my friends also thought it was fabulous, though a couple of  them hated it. I cannot see why. Like so many movies in the second half of  1999 (BJM, Election, Blair Witch, American Beauty, Magnolia, Three Kings),  this film was overflowing with originality. We need more films like  this!
 I saw this film finally last week, and what a movie. Kevin Smith has matured as a writer. The film itself is powered by infectious performances especially by renagade angels Affleck and Damon. It allows for character  development and during which the audience is empathetic with the leads even  when their moral centre goes completly awol.  I myself, a catholic was  thoroughly and profoundly impressed, but how could I expect less from the  ever impressive Kevin Smith. It doesn't make comments about catholism but  instead observations, about just how contrived religon has become in the  21st century. As Selma Hayeks' character says  You don't celebrate  your religon, you mourn it .  Having only seen one other Smith  movie (Chasing Amy) I was soooo pleased with the increased participation of  Jay and Silent Bob. Those two never cease to make me chuckle. I highly  recommend this film to anyone who's not uptight, it's witty, complicated,  hysterical and believe it or not spiritual. See it now, it is one of the  best films to come out last year.
 This comedy beats out other great comedies of 1999 like Man On The Moon, and South Park
 If Dogma is an example of what Christianity might be EVOLVING into...I definitely approve! I applaud Kevin Smith's effort in this film. I can see that he's an advocate of tolerance and of many other things that are  considered anti-Christian. Homosexuality, racism, sex, profanity are woven  into the story from the correct angle. Kevin's faith and relationship with  his God are not contingent with whether he smokes or curses. He thinks that  God has better things to do than worry about how to punish you for sleeping  with someone of your same sex or for masturbating. I applaud Kevin for his  satirical approach to the Christian traditions. I especially enjoyed his  raising the question that Jesus was Black. He's had the guts to say (quite  loudly) what is wrong with organized religion, and quite frankly...IT'S ABOUT  TIME! I must continue by saying that my Atheism is a source of pride not  shame. Mysticism advocates that people relinquish their ability to think  and embrace irrationality.  I do not condone nor foster in any way any  negation of the MIND or the SELF.  It is on those grounds that I cannot  accept any part of what mysticism (i.e. Christianity, Buddhism, New Age,  Witchfraft, etc.) has to offer. However, this is a free country and I will  defend anyone's right to follow their chosen faith as well as their right  to follow NONE. I expect the same courtesy. DOGMA is already part of my  collection. I love Kevin's work for being intelligent and pungent. After  watching it I bought all his other movies
 I thought Dogma was one of Kevin Smith's best as a movie and as a comedy because of how it took a jab at religion and the church and how even if God saw this movie, he'd laugh because let's say it everyone has a sense of humor. It stars an All Star cast of Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, Selma Hayek, Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Jeanine Garafalo, Kevin Smith himself, Jason Mewes, Jason Lee, George Carlin and Alanis Morrisette. You would think that usually, when you have that many stars, the movie isn't the same because each actor/actress is trying to steal each other's thunder, but not hear because all of them have really brought together their collective skills and made Dogma a wonderful and hilarious masterpiece. It starts as Affleck and Damon, 2 exiled Angels from Heaven and follows them on their killing spree before they cleanse their souls by walking through the doors of a church celebrating it's Bicentennial. By them doing this, they find a hole in God's creation and by proving God wrong, all that ever existed would cease to be. It's up to Fiorentino, Smith, Mewes, Rock and Hayek to stop them no matter what! O.k. Dogma might make a few people made because it pokes fun at religion. I have to admit it, you'd probably be more offended by the vulgar swearing before that because when it all comes down to it's just a movie and there have been comedies that have made fun of very serious things. And even so, this movie never once said that religion is bad. Again, it just pokes a little fun at it. I would definitely get this one. Even if you're not a Kevin Smith fan, you'll still laugh at this one. And again for any of you that are very religious, you'd probably be more offended by the swearing first. Check this one out!
 I must confess that I'm an extremely late newcomer to the delightful ViewAskew universe. Unfortunately, I live in Australia, which means I don't have much exposure to Kevin Smith's films - more's the pity. The first time I heard about him was in relation to Dogma and the so-called "controversy surrounding the film. After watching Dogma, I must say that I've never seen a more ridiculous case of "wowserism in my entire life. In my opinion, Dogma is the most underrated film made in the past decade. This is probably due in part to Kevin's  prediliction towards, uhm...scatalogical humor. On first viewing, his style seems very similar to that of South Park. But a closer viewing shows that Kevin Smith is a writer who very much wears his heart on his sleeve.  Granted, Dogma has plenty of poop jokes, but underlying all that is a gentle sincerity and compassion that permeates the entire film. Dogma isn't just a South Park-clone. It's really a sophisticated and well-thought out diatribe against the dangers of organised religion, and the wonderful power and influence that a single idea can have. I found a lot of the religious discussions in the film to be deeply refreshing - it's wonderful finally being able to see people discuss religious beliefs without feeling awkward about it. For that reason alone, Kevin Smith has my undying admiration.  I was one of the lucky ones who bought the Special Edition DVD, and not the original "feature-free version that was originally released. Regardless on whether you've bought the Dogma DVD already, I strongly recommend buying the Special Edition. There are plenty of good features, including - - some moderately amusing outtakes, - every single deleted scene that was left on the cutting room floor, - and best of all - a very funny commentary from Kevin Smith (aka Silent Bob, also the Director and Writer), Jason Mewes (the one-and-only Jay), Scott Mosier (long-time friend and producer), Vincent Perriera (View Askew historian), Jason Lee (aka Azrael), and Ben Affleck (who gets a major ribbing from Kevin). You also get to see video footage of the cast members in the studio doing the DVD commentary. The commentary is the best part of the DVD, as it's obvious that these people are very good, close friends and they get along really, really well. Although that doesn't stop Ben Affleck getting a major ribbing from Kevin Smith every chance he gets!  In conclusion, I think Dogma is one of the most approachable and enjoyable films about religion made in the last 10 years. It has a really good mix of laugh-out loud humor and sincere religious discussion. You certainly don't have to be religions (and I'm not) to understand the issues raised in this film. I'm definitely going to watch Chasing Amy, and I can't wait for the `Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back' DVD to come out. Bring it on!
 Even though there is a disclaimer at the beginning of this film, I didn't find the film as offensive as I thought I would. As a matter of fact, I didn't find it offensive at all. This is entire film is in good humor and there are many laughs to be had in this movie! Jay and Silent Bob make the film when they are on, but there are many other characters just as funny.  Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Alank Rickman, Chris Rock, Jason Lee and all of the others come through and make the characters they play really come to life and be believable. Ben and Matt are great as the two angels killing those they say are sinners to bring the fear of God back into peoples lives. Alan is great as the angel who isn't allowed to drink, even though he isn't on that much, he's really cool. Everyone is great! Overall, this movie is really worth seeing if you are a fan of Kevin Smith.
 For a movie that features a rubber poop monster, Dogma received a whole lot of serious criticism for what was perceived by some (religious groups in particular) to be an attack on Christianity. It is, admittedly, taking some shots at the Catholic Church but the final message of the movie in no way diminishes Christianity.  Enough for the serious stuff lets talk turkey... Dogma is a comedy from director Kevin Smith, the fourth of his "Jersey stories, and everything just clicks perfectly together. Smith, and his favorite actors, have all matured nicely over the previous 3 films and, despite being cast in mostly different roles, are totally at ease with themselves and their respective roles; even Jason Mewes never seems to miss a beat in his reoccurring Smith part "Jay, and the underrated Jason Lee is exquisite as the demon Azrael.  Joining Smith's usual stable of friends and actors are some well know, and very talented, names such as Alan Rickman, Linda Fiorentino, Salma Hayek, Chris Rock, and Matt Damon (Damon and Affleck as the angles Loki and Bartleby have all the best lines). This great cast along with Smith's well balanced script keeps the film light, funny, and well thought-out when it could have easily turned into a stodgy, soap-box style dissertation on organized Religion.
 This film is a sick but strangely amusing combination of religon, black humour and the f*&amp;kin strangest cast ever to work together.  The film is very funny and will definitely irritate all those religous freaks!
 Rarely does a movie, book, event or person make you say, YES, THAT'S IT! This did. There are over 400 reviews and some feel like I do and others don't. Watch this movie.  It is worth the time when possibly you will experience a truly amazing relevation that makes you think about your spirituality.   It's an idea. You must see the movie (last scene) to know what I am refering to. 
 Yes i know this movie may be a little bit controversial.  But youll laugh your ... off.  It has a great cast.  It is very well written.  i own all of Kevin Smith's movies.  this one is the best by far.  I watched it for a month straight.  I can tell you ever little quirk.  That is how good it is.  If you dont laugh than you need to get your funny bone checked.  Oh yeah if you wana see Jay and Silent Bob as prophets.  Than this is the movie for you.
 Kevin Smith is right on track with this hilarious comedy.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damond star as two renegade angels trying to get back into heaven.  Linda Fiorentino is the person chosen to stp the angels.  Alan Rickman is  an angel helping Linda, Chris Rock is the 13th apostle left out the bible,  tagging along are Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  Jason  Lee is Azrael, a demond helping Ben and Matt.  This movie rocks, buy it.
 This movie is for those out there comfortable enough with their faith to poke fun at some of the "Dogma spoken and written down by various religious personages over the centuries.  Director Kevin Smith and an all star cast leave you laughing over some very interesting quips on Christian faith, particularly Catholicism.  Great watch for anyone looking to laugh about something usually taken seriously, Faith
 Thank you for helping me get this awesome movie everything was perfect played smoothly and the special features were awesome I will purchase from this seller again.  the packaging and everything was just right the seller did everything as promised thank you very much.
 Dogma to me is one of my favorites in my movie collection.  I am Catholic but this movie made me laugh so hard in so many scenes, I was not even offended by any of the movie.  Also if anyone ask me I tell them the truth like the front of the dvd cover "Faith is a funny thing.  That is actually true in so many ways,  I am forever a Kevin Smith fan after this movie.  So like I say typically if you need a good laugh and unwind from hard days work and unwind from life then pick this dvd up and laugh your butt off scene after scene.
 I have been looking for this movie for a while. I saw it shortly after it came out and laughed throughout the whole thing. I am not normally a Ben Afflack fan, and I think this may be one of his best roles. And of course you have the immortal George Carlin, as a priest, which is ironically hilarious.
 My husband is 65 years old and this low budget irreverent campy movie has been a longtime favorite of his. With stars like Matt Damon, Chris Rock and Silent Bob (my hubbys's fav) it proves that if you have a good cast you dont need to spend alot of money to put out a good film. The price was good and it arrived 2 days after I placed the order with Amazon Prime.
 This is a great movie.  A little heavy on the bible but informative.  The cast is fantastic
 I loved it when it first came out and now I love watching it in the palm of my hand.
 Best movie ever! I wasnt sure about it but I really enjoyed this movie shipping was REALLY fast And Dogma was just a blast to watch thank you!
 This movie is a kevin smith movies so its awsome like all the rest. Its even better beacuse it is on psp!
 The UMD medium is not capable of including many title menu options, so I won't consider the lack of special features as a drawback.  The PSP's screen format did not sacrifice the quality of the film in the slightest.  The movie itself . . . well what can I say . . . it's Dogma.  Two fallen angels seek a way back into Heaven.  And it seems that dogmatic law has allowed them a loophole in divine decree.  If they aren't stopped, the consequences could be dire.  And it's a comedy.
 A way of looking at mythology and how we are controlled by it. The intellect is subordinate to the dogmatic powers of religion. It scares me , but yet it makes me think.
 Yes, you will want to be open minded when you watch Dogma, but as someone who grew up in the Catholic Church it gives a darkly satirical look at many of the things that typically baffle a preteen trying to understand the Baltimore Catechism. Be sure to watch the added features.
 Yea 5 stars, Dogma are you kidding me. One of the best movies ever. Came in less than anticipated time, and works beautifully.
 Great story line, written by Kevin Smith; two angels expelled from Heaven are seeking a way to get back, and they find it - in the Catholic Church, by way of plenary indulgence.  It's up to the Last Scion and a few others (including Jay and Silent Bob - snoogins!) to stop them before they unmake creation.
 I've seen this a number of times and find something new to laugh at almost every time I watch. It's superb satire -- but not for most folk who won't like playing around with religion and showing a female God who roars. The cast is letter perfect inlcluding George Carlin and Allan Rachman (the Voice of God). But caution for those who are true blievers it could be most upsetting. For others it's a remarkable change of pace from he usual mundane stuff that comes out of Hollywood.
 I almost didn't watch this movie when it came on TV because of the scenario
 I had low expectations when I first sat down to watch this film on my vcr. I knew it was a comedy and not much else, so I thought I was just in for some light fun and nothing else.  Boy was I wrong! This movie is chock full of intellectual humor, which resonates even more if you (like me) grew up going to a Catholic school.
 Is hilarious! You won't stop laughing! An incredibly imaginitive take on religion...'Buddy Christ' *lol* You won't be sorry you rented this!
 Great movie, even beter if you are familiar with the bible and not afraid to challange your faith.
 I love Kevin Smith's movies....They're rude, crude, and the dialogue is somewhat intelligent.  It's not all [rude] jokes like some people seem to think.  Anyways, Dogma is probably his most intelligent film to date.  Kevin Smith grew up Catholic, as did I, and this film pokes fun at alot of the stereotypes of Catholicism.  He never said it was to be taken seriously, so I don't understand why it is causing such a great controversy!  It's a movie!  Anyways, I love it, it's hilarious, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good laugh.
 You want a good laugh?  Get this movie - it doesn't matter what religion you are, you will have a good time and this movie is the  bomb !  If you don't know Jay and Silent Bob, Rent Clerk and Mallrat, both a classic.   This movie makes you think, cry at time and laugh most of all.  Not at religions, not at God, just a good laugh, great actors. And Buddy Jesus is there to make you SMILE!
 Some of the funniest lines in recent movies were written by Kevin Smith.  He manages to demonstrate the image and commercial obsessions of our society without being preachy, while endorsing, not rejecting faith.  However, he does question the legitimacy of religious dogma run amok, and what it does to the message. Matt and Ben are awesome in this movie.  Aside from the very few projects (i.e. Rounders, Bounce) they do their best work when they share the screen with each other.  In addition, this movie is full of great cameos by some very talented people.
 Don't listen to the zealots, this is a great movie.  Many people believe that this movie  bashes  Christianity, Catholicism in particular.  Now, like Kevin Smith, I am a Catholic, and I was in no way offended by  this movie, in fact I saw it five times in the theater.  This is a movie  that shows the idiosyncracies in church dogma, just as every structure has  idiosyncracies.  The movie shows these points through an interesting and  entertaining story of good v. evil.  The overall theme of this movie is  that people should be more open to new ideas and to realize what Christ was  all about, love and understanding.   Jesus wasn't sent to earth to  give us the 'willies,' he is a booster.   Finally, this is a great  movie, with great ideas and great dialogue.  I believe that it is Kevin  Smith's best work to date.  Matt Damon, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, George  Carlin, Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes, Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock all give  very good performances, but Ben Affleck does a wonderful job as Bartleby. I  would certainly suggest this movie to anyone.  Faith is a funny thing.
 As a pair of two lapsed Catholics, My husband and I rented this movie on the recommendation of another catholic friend of ours.  From the moment they unveiled the hilarious  Buddy Christ  to the moment the ending credits appeared we were rolling on the floor howling with laughter as only two people who spent years in catholic school could.   Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were great as two fallen angels banished by God to hell (Wisconsin) trying to get back into Heaven through a loophole in Catholic dogma.  Which would unfortunately destroy the world because it would prove God fallible.  Chris Rock was a very funny 13th Apostle named Rufus and Selma Hayek's role as a feisty muse name Serendipity was also good.  Jason Mews and Kevin Smith himself in their perennial roles as  Jay  and  Silent Bob  were a scream as two unlikely  prophets  sent to aid the last Scion played by Linda Fiorentino.  My favorite performance was that of Alan Rickman who played the surly and much put upon Metatron (or the voice of God).  He portrayed the long suffering character of God's right hand angel with an excellent mix of irony, dry humor, and compassion.  His fiery entrance scene was classically funny! I felt that the weakest performance was that of Fiorentino's who played the main character Bethany, the last Scion charged with the mission of stopping the renegade angels.  While she did a good job, there was something that seemed slightly forced in her portrayal of a catholic (who worked in an abortion clinic by the way) struggling with her beliefs just going through the motions of faith.  The sarcastic lines lacked some bite and her expressions seemed a bit contrived.  Her performance improved in the middle of the movie during her scene with Rickman after she discovers her true identity. Overall, I felt that Dogma was not about bashing the Catholic church, but about some of the funny things about organized religion and faith.  Smith touches on a number of different issues here, and the humor was a great way of dealing with the touchy and explosive subject of religion. Most critics I suspect were offended by the language, but if you've seen one of Kevin Smith's movies before, that's to be expected.  Sometimes you have to look past the messenger to see the message.  Other critics sited implausible plot, wordy, or the always elegant  it just sucks .  One critic bashed Smith for assuming that everyone was Catholic!   Those that thought the movie bashed Catholicism didn't read into what Smith was saying.  Selma Hayek summed it up perfectly  You people don't celebrate your faith. You mourn it.   Loosen up people, having a sense of humor about it is part of celebrating your faith. I agree that the dialogue got a bit wordy, but I suspect that was for the benefit of those who didn't have a background in Catholicism.  If you filtered out some of the conversational meandering and vulgar interjections by the trash mouthed  prophet  Jay, you'll find some interesting and thought provoking gems in there.  As for an implausible plot...hello!  We're talking religion here folks, and I think that few people would agree that the Bible is necessarily a wellspring realistic and plausible plots.  Religion is about leaps of faith and if you can't handle that, then you won't get the meaning behind the movie.   The critics in the  it just sucks  camp I suspect aren't very patient with the subject of  two hours of Catholic mythology  and are more comfortable with the secular subjects of Smith's other movies (romance, shopping, drugs and the like).  Hey, I don't like football, so am I going to complain that the writers of The Replacements and Remember the Titans assumed that everyone in the world enjoys football?  No, I'm simply not going to watch movies about football...problem solved.  The name of the movie is Dogma, it should give you a clue.  And if you don't know what dogma means, look it up. So here's a warning to all...if you have no tolerance for organized religion, so called Catholic mythology, occasional potty humor (literally), profanity, or you have no sense of humor on the subject of religion, then don't watch this movie.  You be disappointed or angry. If you are a little bit more open minded, I invite you to try out this wonderfully funny movie.
 Why are there many different versions of Christian belief? Why are there so many rules to believe in God and His Son? This film answers these question simply, by saying, it's faith -- one's undying belief -- that matters, not what a church says, not what various Christian rules and regulations say how a person should believe. Those who felt offended may have missed the point of this movie. Don't take yourselves too seriously; in the end, we're all the same, and no one is better than another.  I may not believe in God, but I know if I were one, I'd have a sense of humor.
 Dogma not only is a wonderful film but very thought provoking. Smith shows is true love of christianity and makes a lot of thought provoking facts and questions about faith. All the extras are great and we a treated with not one but TWO audio tracks. Best DVD I own well worth the money and the easter eggs are cool as well.
 DOGMA is the fourth entry in the 'New Jersey Chronicles'. The film is about a Catholic woman who is chosen to stop two renegade angels from getting back into Heaven --- and destroying all human existence in the process. Jay and Silent Bob appear as two unlikely prophets who end up joining the woman on her road trip to New Jersey where she must stop the renegade angels. The 2 Disc DVD Special Edition of this film is the only true way to see it!
  Dogma  began with some notes by Kevin Smith(Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy) before he even thought up  Clerks . Back then it was originally called  God  and he only had a few scenes written on some notes. Since then, he has written and directed  The Jersey Trilogy , which all surround semi-biographical stories of his life in New Jersey. This time around, New Jersey is the destination, not the primary setting. It is here where the story will begin and end. New Jersey
 I siffted through and read many of the reviews about this movie here, and I did not se anyone elude to the whole overall point of this movie.  All of the people who went to that church to have all of their sins forgiven so they could start over and one day be welcomed into heaven were all killed.  There is no easy way out, so be good.
 I thought Dogma was, single handidly, the most surreal, funniest and thought-provoking film I have seen in ages. Linda Fiorentino does the greatest performance of her career, Ben and Matt portray very believable characters, Chris Rock, as usual, is funnier than ever, Salma Hayek as a sultry muse does a grade A job, silent Bob and Jay are two of the funniest duos in movie history, Jeneane Garofalo, small role but big laughs-LOVE HER! and of course, the most beautiful, talented, gifted singer of the 90's
 Kevin Smith has a movie here that may be as good, if not better, than his classic Clerks as he takes a jab at a touchy and very noteworthy topic, the catholic religion.  And if you put down this movie because you might not think Smith knows what he's talking about, your wrong.  He has everything in check, which is important when making a film about a subject like this, but he is able to bring it with as much sincerity as laughs. A woman (Fiorentino), who has lost the faith, is told that she must go on a holy crusade to stop 2 angels from entering a church in where else, Red Bank NJ, and to stop them from entering a loophole.  But she won't be alone, as she is joined by 2 pot head prophets (Jay and Silent Bob, who have they're biggest role here outside of this years upcoming Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back), an outcast apostle (Chris Rock in one of his best roles) and a cast of others (Salma Hayek, for example).   Has scenes that might seem gruesome, but being that they are all in irreverent and good fun, it is worth it.  One of the better satires ever.  George Carlin steals his scenes, by the way.
 Long live Jay and Silent Bob!!  OK, so I really rented it because Matt and Ben were on the cover, but still, I have really enjoyed all of Kevin Smith's movies.
 Dogma is one of the funniest yet thought provoking movies I have ever seen!  It is definitely one you will want to own.  The parody of certain Catholic beliefs makes for a wonderful spoof; but still gets you thinking about the scheme of God and His(Her) sense of humor.  I truly feel that God does have one and that He/She enjoyed this film as well.  If you haven't seen it, rent it then you will buy it!
 This is not  The Ten Commandments , this is a movie by the guy who made Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy.  If you are expecting some epic religious picture and seeking enlightenment, go elsewhere.  If instead you are looking for a highly entertaining picture with some great dialogue and smart, yet juvenile humor, you are in the right place.  And if you are a true fan, this is the DVD to get, just look at the extras!  Deleted scenes, 3 commentaries - Kevin Smith works hard to let his fans into his movie making process, and he always does a great job.  A great addition to any collection.
 I have yet to be disappointed by one of Kevin Smith's movies, and Dogma is no exception.  Witty and irreverent, this is one of the year's greatest flicks.  The characters are well-acted, the story is wonderful, and the timing of this cast is fantastic.  I highly recommend this one, unless you are easily put off by religious jokes......but a must-see for all Kevin Smith fans out there.  You will not be sorry! And yes, God is a woman.  
 Definitely the best movie of 1999, and one of my all-time favorites.  Kevin Smith is a blessing in the film industry, showing that there is hope in this Hollywood-run world. Dogma, on the surface, can be offensive to Catholics and Christans everywhere.  But the satire is deep.  The audience is asked to step out of their belief system for a couple hours and reflect--what kinds of things do we think and feel each day that are directly affected by religion (or lack thereof)?  What degree of corruption can be tolerated and ignored?   Kevin Smith is not telling the audience that religion is bad.  He points out the truths of our lives, which can be the most painful and offensive to the person who does not want to reflect and think intelligently about religion. And to top it all off, the film is downright hilarious.  The comedy lies in jokes (sex being the primary concern for Jay, at least) but mostly in Smith's perception of the world.  As they say in imrovisational comedy, the truth is the funniest thing out there. Anyone who doesn't like this film the first time around should see it again.  Chances are, with an open mind, you will realize how stupendous this movie is.
 Dogma is one of the best examples of Kevin Smith's work to date.  Not  nearly as offensive as many expected it to be, it is not anti-religion, but  rather against blind faith and organized religion.  Terribly funny, but  also with the deeper message that religion is (and should be) deeply  personal, and that nothing and no one should stand between you and your  conception of god, this keeps you interested all the way to the really cool  conclusion.  (Alanis Morisette is God?!?)  Add in the awesome cast of  actors who really make Dogma work, this is a must see for anyone with an  open mind.
 hey folks,if you don't like the movie say so ,but don't wine and moan about it. after all you don't have to watch it if you don't like it.and do you all really think kevin smith cares if you like his movie or not. you  see thats what makes me like kevin smith and his movies, the fact that he  makes them like he wants to.after all they are his films, we only watch  them.so before you judge kevin's work ask yourself if you were given the  chance to make a movie would you like to make your own movie, in your own  words. or just make someone elses film and have your name on it. as far as  i'm concerned all of kevin's films including dogma are great. if we all go  through life pleasing everyone but ourselves no one would ever be happy.  kevin makes his films in that frame of mind. so stop with all these crazy,  judgemental reviews. THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT!
 Just a 55 yr old Christian woman, checking out Saturday afternoon movies....stumbled on this funny, deep, irreligious, sacred, LONG, thoughtful and very enjoyable movie.  Maybe I was just in a whacky mood, but why not?  Why can't God be a woman and angels walk among us, etc?  "Thank GOD I can look at all angles of my religion and enjoy what others think without being offended and prissy!!!!  Yes...there was some language...the same that I hear every day and sometimes emit myself! I laughed myself silly and cried a little ,too, while I watched this alone. I will buy this to share with my husband and family and especially my 16 year old daughter who is making her own religious self examinations and finding what she's comfortable with right now.  Thank you for the wonderful writing, directing, and acting.  Everyone in the cast did a fine job.  To all you prissies
 Wow. So few movies succeed at doing what Dogma accomplishes almost effortlessly
 I am a catholic but I found this movie very funny. I love Jay and silent Bob so much and this movie helps solidify my love for them. Ben Aflek and Mat Damon put up a great preformance and Budy Christ is such a great idea afterall Jesus didn't come here to scare us he came here to be our friend
 Truly thought provoking and amusing.  Though not in Kevin Smiths usual style (see Chasing Amy, Mallrats and Clerks), it has the same wonderful dialogue that fans have come to know and love, plus Jay and Silent Bob. The DVD is wonderful, it has many interesting features, that I believe DVD's today are lacking.   The Movie though is truly wonderful, well-written, well cast and doesn't go for the easy joke.  Well Done!
 This is one original script! It makes you think while it makes you laugh. The director is a genius and the cast is one of a kind.  Even though the film criticized the catholic relgion, a lot of the stuff they said was  true. And what I like about the film is that they did not question the  existence of God; it talked about faith and how we lose it. The movie is  extremely funny; I was laughing out loud throughout the whole thing. I'm  sure that God has a sense of humor, and I'm sure he'd laugh if he saw  this. Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, and Chris Rock were all  great. But the real treat in this film was the beautiful Salma Hayek; she  practically stole the spotlight. Indeed, a controversial film, but the  important thing to remember is this
 This is the first Kevin Smith movie I saw. I know I know, I started a little late, but I went back and saw them all to catch up. It's nice to see that after all these years, the movie still holds up. You throw in HD and tons of extras, like delete scenes about love making of biblical proportions, and you got yourself an awesome Blu-Ray.
 In what i think could be considered a classic good vs evil movie about religion, but is to be taken litely by the extremely religious, for their comedic outlook on religions.  This movie takes out the stops on bashing religions, but in the end brings a bright side to religions. This may seem contradictory, but its a good MOVIE, and that's all it is...A MOVIE! Great characters played by great actors...A MUST SEE!
 I loved this movie. It was great comedy but it also had a good dramatic storyline.
 A nice intended comedy, packed with a bunch of great actors, I've always been in love with Kevin Smith movies, but this one is so special, it was never released in my country, so I but the DVD a long time ago, now on Blu-Ray it looks gorgeous.  This movie is for all the Alanis Morissette fans, and those who have lack of faith, even for catholics with a sense of humor (like myself).
 First of all, I'm really sick and tired of all the religious people complaining about this movie. They say that it's  trash  and an insult to all Catholics. Get it through your heads
 This being the forth Kevin Smith movie, I was highly entertained.  Kevin Smith's clever and witty writting mixxed with talented actors such as Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and Chris Rock make for many laughs.  If you have a problem with jokes that deal with religion then you may want stay clear of this one.  If you are a Kevin Smith fan then most likely you have seen this one, if not I recommend it all the way!
 Any true Kevin Smith fan will recognize this as his funniest and best made film to date. The storyline is well thought out and flows at a hilarious pace. Affleck and Damon are great in their roles of Bartleby and Loki. The strong storyline for Jay and Silent Bob is perfect for this film. As long as you can view this film as just a story and not a slander of religous dogma,which was not it's intention, you will love it!
 For Kevin Smith fans the bad news is that this is only his third best movie.  But the good news is that it is still darn good. It's a satirical look at faith and Catholicism.  If you're a staunch Catholic you may be offended.  But it should be viewed as a journey in search of one's faith.  It may not be a straight road, it may not be the road you would take, but it gets you there just the same.  If you view the movie through those terms, you will enjoy and appreciate it. Additionally it benefits from a great cast and a singular wit.
 Dogma isn't all about to stupid angels. But it's about our society and our religion. Kevin Smith tried to show that even our faith, is prejudice. It's an awakening. One for the collection. Ah!  And this movie is really really  funny.
 Okay, I'll have to admit, when I rented this movie I did it because of Fiorentino(I've loved her work in Men In Black) and thought, hey, maybe this'll be a good watch like Good Will Hunting.  I'd heard some people say  it was one of their favorite movies, but I just figured it was mostly  non-religious rebels in the family.  I'll admit also, I almost didn't get  it because of the religiousness(living in Salt Lake City as a non-mormon,  you kind of get an overdose of religion, whether you originally believed or  not).  So, after I popped in the movie, I was expecting a Chris Rock movie  spent bashing religion with unending one-liners.  Amazingly, it didn't turn  out that way.  As soon as the movie was finished, I was kind of in shock.  I began to see religion in a whole new light.  I could actually identify  with god.  She was no longer just an icon made to soothe the minds of  people that couldn't handle not having something to believe in, but  something that could be entertaining, funny, and... believable.  I really  can't believe that people would not go see this movie because it is   blasphemous .  I can see people not watching it because of the  f-bombs being dropped every ten seconds by the  prophet , but  that is a small price to pay for such an amazing movie.
 i have seen every movie that kevin has put out and they just get better. The all star cast was amazing through this whimzical ride through the last days of earth. Chris rock is funny as usual but the real stars that shine  ithis movie are JAY and SILENT BOB! Before you ever see them on the screen  you know that this movie was wrote to bring these two characters to the  forfront. The parts they had in the other movies were great but in this  movie they shine. I recomend this movie to anyone that likes to laugh and  feel like they can leave the movie and recommend it to anyone. I know i  have.
 I have to disagree with the amazon.com reviewer's comment that  Dogma  was subpar.  I also part company with the reviewer who wrote that he couldn't imagine a fervent Catholic not being offended by the  picture (okay, maybe I'm not a fervent Catholic, but I enjoyed it).    Dogma  centers around the attempts of Loki and Bartlesby  (Matt Damon and Ben Affleck), two banished angels, who attempt to regain  entry into heaven by way of a loophole in church law.  Linda Fiorentino is  a dubious lapsed Catholic (who works in an abortion clinic, no less) who is  recruited by the angel of God (Alan Rickman in his funniest performance  ever) to stop them and thus save humankind.  In her travels from Illinois  to New Jersey, she is assisted by two two prophets (director Kevin Smith  and Jason Mewes), the 13th Apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).  I did NOT think that Hayek stole the show here, contrary to the amazon.com  reviewer.  That distinction belongs to Mewes, who as a foul-mouthed stoner  of a prophet trying to cajole Fiorentino into sex kept me laughing myself  silly.  Additionally, I thought Alanis Morrisette was horribly miscast as  God with a silly smile plastered on her face, but these are minor  points. Those who don't like or are offended by this movie probably don't  have much imagination or don't care to be inquisitive as to matters of  faith.   Dogma  asks a number of  what if  questions  that seriously challenge conventional Catholic theology and in that measure  succeeds well as a motion picture.  For those who are uptight about the  message and satire of this movie, I say  lighten up and enjoy!   This is comic genius at its best!
 If there is any  film  I would recommend this year I would have to definatley recommend 'DOGMA'. I have been a long time fan of Kevin Smiths' work and this is one of his finest. (Kudos to him and everyone  accoiated with this fine piece of work.) 'DOGMA' is not a blasphest film,  it is a fanasty and a film on questioning faith itself. I still have no  idea how people could protest to this film. DOGMA opens up aspects to  religion and really makes a fanasty that revolves around faith, and if  people still see it and find it offensive (which I don't how) remember
 Dogma, the latest in Kevin Smith's series of movies featuring Jay &amp; Silent Bob is in my opinion his best film! Dogma is a brilliant comedy and play on religion, complete with masterfully written dialogue which is Kevin  Smith's best trademark - except for Jay &amp; Silent Bob of course!
 What a wonderful movie that takes a satirical look at the rules of catholisism.  The surprisingly successful low budget movie has a great cast and a very good plot.  One of the best things about it was the twists in  the plots, everytime you expect one result there is a new twist in the  story.  I absolutly loved the movie as did almost everyone I talked to.
 The fourth movie by writer/actor/director Kevin Smith, 1999's  Dogma , is a hilarious look into the ideology behind organized religion, specifically Catholicism. With a great cast and laugh-out-loud humor, you can not go wrong with this movie. The storyline of the movie is pretty interesting
 As it says in "My Sunday Dogma Missal which accompanies this DVD, "I'm banking on the fact that God has a great sense of humor. Cited as evidence is the platypus.  This is an extraordinary, even a supernaturally funny movie. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, who have discovered a loophole in God's law that will allow them to get back into heaven. However, the Voice of God (Alan Rickman; you know, Snape?) says if they make it, all existence will end. Something about God having been proved wrong, or something. Such a contradiction would bring down the whole works.  So the Voice of God appears to the Last Scion (I'll let him explain that) and convinces her she's got to go to New Jersey and stop Bartleby and Loki from getting a plenary indulgence by entering a newly rededicated church run by the trendy new age bishop played by George Carlin. Along the way, she meets more crazy divine characters than you or I could imagine. But Kevin Smith, who wrote and directed the film, has way more imagination than you and I put together. It's good he does, too, because he's mixed together some of the most incredible twists and turns on a plot that, amazingly, makes a certain amount of sense.  It is to laugh, of course, but it is also really about God and religion. And so you might find yourself believing this alternate reality is more rational than the one we are currently living in.  Five stars. Really. Earned every one.
 This is one of those great, little known movies. There are loads of big name actors, and the whole thing really does make you think at the end. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone over the age of 13, so they're old enough to appreciate it. Good quality purchase, brand new condition.
 I think you'd have to have spent your high school years at a Catholic school like I did to truly appreciate it.
 Just like Mallrats, the cover kicks ass!!! The special features in this dvd isn't too shaby either. Theres not really much of a featurette, but it includes over an hour of deleted scenes. This movie makes you think. The best scenes are between Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. I can't believe I mentioned Ben Affleck and a "good scene together in the same sentance. The only films he's ever good in are Kevin Smith movies. Jay and Silent Bob are funny in this too. The weird thing about this movie is knowing what to classify it under. Comedy? Drama? Action? You need to see this movie!!!!!and buy it.....
 The title of this review says it all, and I stand by it and believe it. Of the New Jersey Legacy, I have to say that this is certainly the best film of them all. It has a lesson, humor, biblical allusion, and creativity. The characters that interact all have the most subtle nuances, which isn't expected from a Kevin Smith film, but it really works. The religious humor is exponentially more funny to me because I know a huge amount of theology and much about Church History. Highly recommended.
 This was definately one of the best movies I've ever seen; I've watched it about a million times.  I still laugh untill it hurts every time- a great buy in my eyes.  Although, if you don't like vulgur humor, it may not be right for you.
 Is  haha  one word or two? Either way. That's how I sum it up
 Here's the story of two fallen angels who have a plan to get back into Heaven, and the last descendent of Jesus Christ is chosen to stop them. I think that this movie is subtly brilliant. I might get slapped for saying this, but there are many profound things said in this movie that make the silly plot worth it. It is a very entertaining movie. But more than that, the script itself is very, very good. It is no way insulting to the Church, rather, it just challenges how we see things. It provides different ideas of how things could have been like for Jesus, and I think that it confronts a lot of hypocrisy that has given Christianity a bad rep.
 This is a very interesting and different movie, the emphasis in "different".  If you take offense at "religious jokes", then you should not see it.  For those of you that are a bit more opened minded this is a movie that will make you think about some points of the modern religious "dogmas and some of the known mythologies.
 With Dogma Kevin Smith shows an excellent blend of comedy, controversy, and profound thought on the concept of religion. Many people will tend to latch onto one of those three things upon first watching this movie, but I think the most enjoyment comes from watching how those things play off of each other to drive this movie.
 A lyrical and exciting story of faith, beautifully acted. Especially notable here is Linda Fiorentino as a Catholic who may have lost her way, Alan Rickman as a very annoyed Metatron, and Ben Affleck as a fallen angel who has had enough of being trapped in Wisconsin. The real breakout, though, is Jason Mewes, whose final monologue about "what the ... is going on? is a masterpiece of lyrical frustration. Great DVD, with many extras (Ben Affleck on the normal commentary track is a real treat, as he and Kevin Smith banter back and forth). Look out especially for the church lady, who pops up during the menus and berates you for buying such a godless piece of .... Very cute. All in all, a thoughtful look at religion and reality - oh, and it's pretty damn funny to boot.
 I think this movie was one of the best that I have ever seen.  Kevin Smith is a genius in all of his movies, but I thought he did an excellent job in terms of the way he presents ideas on matters of faith and beliefs.  I am a catholic and some of the questions/doubts/etc expressed by the character of Bethany mirrored some of my own.  I thought Linda Fiorentino did an amazing job portraying the character of Bethany.  What a cast in this movie
 Writer/director Kevin Smith's all star,religious socal commentary is a HOOT to watch, and draws on religion points. Its funny and full of satire. Smith and his cast pokes their collective fingers in your religious eyes and makes you laugh  If you listen to the audio commenraries, this film was made on a shoestring-with the shortness of the budget, the  casting problems, location problems and the scheduling around things(Oscars, Revlon shoots, other movies)-The film might not have been made  Smith pokes fun at religion without bad mouthing it. His premous is simple. The great great grand daughter (last known descendant) of Jesus, two unlikely prophets (Jay & Silent Bob), and the 13th Apostle  Rufus are  sent on a mission to save humanity  by stopping two wayward angels from entering a newly openned portal to heaven. Okay, Complex simple!  The cast of this film is first rate... Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as the two wayward angels, Linda Fiorentino as the last known descendant of Jesus, Jason Mews  and Smith as Jay and Silent Bob, Chris Rock as Rufus, Alan (Die Hard, Harry Potter) Rickman as Metatron, Jason (My Name is Earl)Lee as Azreal, Salma Hayek as the Muse, George Carlin as Cardinal Glick and Alanis Morissette as GOD  This special edition DVD includes many deleted scenes about 100 minutes worth, almost as long as  the film itself, outtakes, Cast film biographies like trading cards and the trailer to the film.  So is this worth it? YUP and AMEN  Bennet Pomerantz, AUDIOWORLD
 Kevin Smith has already established himself as a comedic genius, but he brings it to new heights with Dogma. While it may not have the apathy-charged wit of "Clerks, the honesty and originality of "Chasing Amy, or the silliness of "Mallrats and "Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back, it balances out all 3 of these elements perfectly. From the opening disclaimers to the closing credits, Dogma is a wildly satirical, irreverent, uproarious, and thought-provoking film. The heavenly cast is led by Linda Fiorentino as Bethany Sloan, the cynical ex-Catholic. Overall, she could have done a bit better, but her casting is perfect and her performance was better than average. Next come Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, who play the rejected angels Bartleby and Loki. Their constant bickering provides plenty of laughs, as well as some effectively serious moments. Smith regular Jason Lee is terrific as always, this time as the comically evil Azrael. Alan Rickman scores strongly as the delightfully sarcastic Medatron. Salma Hayek steals many of her scenes as the quirky muse. Chris Rock gives an attractive and thoughtful performance as the 13th apostle Rufus. And yes, Smith and Jason Mewes are back as those two lovable stoners Jay and Silent Bob, annoying yet ultimately endearing as always. The plot revolves around the attempt of Bartleby and Loki to get back into heaven through a loophole created by the Catholic church. They must be stopped, or else they will prove that God is fallible, thus destroying existence. BUY THIS MOVIE!!!!
 This is a great movie for those who can take a joke at "God's expense
 ...and why most of it sits on a cutting room floor. On the Special Edition DVD, there is a scene where Bethany, who works in a Planned Parenthood clinic, discusses her past with a young woman who is prepared for her third abortion.  This is a scene where the most skilled and political writer tempts violent retribution from the masses on either side of the abortion issue.  Bethany, played by Linda Fiorentino, describes in visual imagery most suited for a novel, her own back story or reason for being in her particular line of work.  In this 3 minute speech, you see the power of Kevin Smith as a writer.  It may not be best suited for the big screen where we now expect million dollar variations of explosions and intercourse every Memorial Day weekend, but it is a bit of Hollywood driftwood preserved for us backwater types who don't get to screen View Askew movies at parties or film festivals before they are cut to commercial specs.   Had this scene taken the Dragnet  I've been down that road and you just don't know  approach it wouldn't have worked.  Had it been forced and ditatched, it would have been artificial...but this one scene, a minor part of the 2-disk set, proves that Smith is destined for greatness, perhaps he is the one of our generation who can turn his skill to the printed page to create that mythological Great American Novel that has baffled and eluded the Gen X ilk of the early 90s.   As Smith and Co. restate in their introduction of each deleted scene, most of what was cut from the philosophical/religious treatise  Dogma  was because it added too much info to already established scenes.  This is true and reminds me that Smith could be a great novelist should the urge strike. He has a gift for narrative and could write a vivid first-person novel without fear of being pretentious. If you hated Dogma, or have a religious bias against it, these words won't mean anything anyway.  But  Dogma  is more about faith and love of God than most so-called  christian  movies out there.  Its about Ideas and faith and renewing our relationship with God than about obeying and swearing our oath to the ancient, faceless patriarch.  This is the only DVD version of the film you should own and only because it does justice both to the film and to the reasons behinds its production. Nice work, Kevin and Scott.  Keep it coming.  You're both ready for much more.
 Again, Kevin Smith proves to the world why he is one of the best young directors of today.  This wonderfully crafted film has a very  real  feel to it.  Not all spritzed up and mannequin looking,  like most blockbusters.  And the level of satire going on in this film is  unbelievable.  I truly delighted in watching it, and saw it three times in  the theater.  Not for people who don't know how to take a joke, but even  the most rudimentary sense of humor should be able to find some enjoyment  out of this one!
 loved the DVD version of Dogma. The Blu-ray version is even better. The images are so much clearer and sharper.
 Here we have it, a truly existential view on Catholicism. The world is confusing, threatening, and destined to destroy itself, and yet... Jay and Silent Bob? Kevin Smith lovely crafts this goofball, gross out, 100% 90s style comedy with enough dramatic weight, one may actually find themselves spiritually moved... it's obscene, crude, vulgar, blatantly repugnant in nearly every possible way, though I digress. This is one of Smith's best films both due to exceptional and passionate writing, acting, and dare I say it? Film-making.
 I loved this movie.  But instead of another glowing review, here are a couple neat hidden goodies on this Special Edition DVD.  Enjoy! Disc 1
 ok- I'm charismatic Christian, attend the local Assembly of God, been pretty deep into the Faith for 27 years- and I think DOGMA is among the best three theological films of the past decade- the others being LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST and THE RAPTURE (directed by Michael Tolkin, starring Mimi Rogers).  Yep-it's vulgar & tasteless but it's also theologically orthodox & Biblical in it's teachings on Jesus as God-man & Savior. And it had me wincing, howling with laughter & weeping like the tubby ... I am (to cite Jay). Make sure to listen to the Alanis song during the final credits.
 People say they aren't offended by it's religion bashing views, just by the narrow scope at which Kevin Smith views religion...  SAME THING!  This is a hilarious movie, and it deserves every ounce of praise it gets.  Kudos to KS!
 I can honestly say that Kevin Smith is one of my top few favorite directors. I love all of his films. Clerks was a very smart comedy. Mallrats was a dumb comedy(that's why that's my favorite one.). Chasing Amy was a very charming comedy. Next on that list comes Dogma. Dogma is a story of two fallen angels, a faithless woman, the voice of God, two prophets, a 13th apostle, a muse, an angry demon and Alanis Morrisette(Once you'll see it, you'll know what I mean). All these characters blend together in a hilarious comedy that makes you think about Catholicism in a different way. On to Brandon's DVD scale. (1 the lowest, 5 the highest) Movie
 Dogma probably works on a higher level than any of Smith's films, and that's good. He had the whole vulgarity thing down pat with the brilliant Mallrats, but then, file this in  oh how the might have fallen  dept, he came out with Chasing Amy. Then this came out. It's great really. I don't see what all the hoopla was about. If you were to actually watch the film, you would see that it does not attack the church, but in effect actually educates us. Kevin Smith is a practicing Catholic, so I wouldn't see why he's bash his own religion. He just makes statements and opinions that we aren't used to. Within minutes, I was back in full KS mood as soon as we got to the first long monologue scene-with George Carlin introduing the Buddy Christ. Might offend few, but really I was like,  yknow, I never though about that way.  Those that are offended by killing angels should note that angels who turn away from God are demons! Now, does a shooting demon sound any worse? Stop slapping labels on these kinda things people. The film is very hilarious and action filled-if I were to make a film, it'd be something like this-smart, with action, but not overly contrived or unoriginal. There's so many memorable lines and scenes (in usual Bob glory, Bob uses mouth spray to kill a .... demon) that by the time the credits roll, you feel like you've been on a ride. Those who found the ending battle hokey, I say,  ha! let me guess-you liked Gladiator?  Dogma is a masterpiece.
  This movie is like a who's who of Hollywood.  Salma Hayek...Chris Rock...Matt Damon...Ben Affleck...Alanis Morrisette?!?  This is the story of two fallen angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a loophole to get into heaven.  But there is one catch.  Doing so will undo existence as we know it.  The last scion is dispatched to save existence and does, with a little help from the 13th apostle (Rock), a muse (Hayek) and 2 unlikely prophets (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith).  There is not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Other than a rather bloody ending, this movie is hysterical.  George Carlin is hilarious as Cardinal Glick and Alanis Morrisette as...well you have to see it to find out!
 First of all, I have to say that this movie had me busting a gut!  It was so funny. I know that a lot of people won't find the comedic material humorous, considering the fact that it's about religion. Some Catholics I  know saw this movie and didn't think it was funny at all, and I really  can't say that I blame them. You just cannot take this film too seriously.  In no way do they mean to poke fun at the church, they just say the things  that everyone has in their minds and don't ever say outloud. I applaud  Kevin Smith's courage in making DOGMA. It was a real long shot, but I think  it turned out great. Jay and Silent Bob are just a thing of comedic genius,  easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie. Go see it.
 Two fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) are homesick for heaven and receive a mysterious mailing
 When it was done, I was just taken aback, and I could just blankly stare at the screen and proclaim,  That was a really, really, really, really good movie.  I don't recall the last time a movie actually affected me  such. Usually, I can just nonchalantly say,  Yeah, that was a really  good movie,  but *Dogma* was just something amazing. The movie is  hilarious. You will audibly laugh many times. It's a great, witty,  intelligent satire of Catholicism, the Catholic church, and the Bible, and  NO, those aren't all the same thing. It skillfully tackles issues of faith  and belief systems. It's irreverent yet reverent. It's not only  entertaining, but it even has that character development stuff critics  always like. And the actors are perfect for their parts, and play them  well. Plus, the font is cool. You will not walk away from this movie  thinking the same way about things that you thought about them before. It  earns my highly coveted Gold Star Seal of Approval. See it now. Or see it  again. Just see it.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  However, I did think it was a little too long at 130 minutes!  IT was very good though.  The elements of religion being twisted.  A very good movie, except for die hard rollie rollers, they  might wanna stay away...REmember...its only a movie....fantastic
 Kevin Smith has always been my favorite filmaker, now I like him even more. Being a Catholic this movie really touched me, a got a lot of out of, including lots of laughs. It was very deep, but also very funny. Kevin  Smith should've won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture,  and Best Director. I love this movie so much. Stars Matt Damon, Ben  Affleck, George Carlin, Linda Forientino, Chris Rock, Alanis Morissette,  Jason Lee, Jason Mewes, Janeane Garofalo, Alan Rickman, Kevin Smith, and  Salma Hayeck. GREAT cast, great film. See this one.
 This movie is about two angels that found a way to reenter into heaven(thanks to a new catholic campaign The Catholisism WOW! ),but if they do that proves that GOD is wrong(because GOD said they were  not going to  be able to enter again)so it would be the end of the world. To prevent  this Bethany(a catholic that lost her faith)has to stop the angels with the  help of two prophets,the 13th apostle,Metatron(the voice of GOD)and  Serendipity. The two angels have some helpers too
 Dogma was really entertaining. It's completly smart and down right funny. Kevin Smith is the master of all comedies!
 Dogma is the best Kevin Smith movie yet.Jay and Silent Bob brought together with Chris Rock makes this movie a must have for anyone who loves raw comedy.It will keep you laughing right up to the very last line.
 I loved watching the version on Comedy Central. BUt I had to get the video version and I did real cheap. I am ticked off at Kevin Smith because he badmouths Linda Fiorentino who played Bethany Sloane. If you ask me, I think he wanted to get into her knickers anyway. I bought the film version and I have to say it's still one of my favorite films. I think it could have been better but it's still wonderful. I love Alan Rickman and Linda Fiorentino. I can't imagine the film without Linda. She is the best actress around. Using Janeane Garofalo would have been mistake since it would have been a completely different film after all.
 In Smith's 4th masterpiece, we join Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as two fallen angels, don't even make me try to spell their character's names. These fallen angels were banashed from heaven many years ago, and ever since have been looking for a way to get back in. So, when a New Jersey church is celebrating it's 100th birthday (I believe it's 100 years) it is believed that if you go through the arches you are forgiven of all of your sins. So, Damon and Affleck believe that if they walk into the church their sins will be forgiven, they then have to cut off their wings (which makes them become human) and somehow die sinless, so they can get into heaven. However, if they successfully do this, all of existance will be unmade, because God is infallible and to prove him (it turns out to be a her in the movie) wrong would unmake everything.    So, now the last Zion, Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) is summoned to stop them from this deed, before it can take place. Bethany is completely taken by surprise when the angel of the lord tell her what she must do. She meets up with the two, so called prophits, Jay and Silent Bob by her job at the abortion clinic. They volunteer to help her, in hopes of getting some action from her later on.   The then meet up with Rufus (Chris Rock) who is the 13 Apostle. He helps inform them that the deamon Azrael (Jason Lee) and three of his minions are trying to stop them, so that Affleck and Damon can make it to the church, because Azrael wants existance to end due to his hate of living in Hell. Rufus also tell them that Jesus was black, they left him out of the Bible because he was black, the virgin Mary had children AFTER Jesus, and they had more children, until there was Bethany, who is the last Zion, who had a cancer rot away her uterous, now she is incapable of having any more kids, which is why she is so angry at God.   Later they meet with the muse Serendipity (Salma Hayek) who helps them on their quest, of sorts.   With plenty of wit, and TONS of laughs, I was glued to the TV...when I wasn't in fits of laughter on the floor. Smoth does it again bringing an already long list of taboos (gay love/sex, drugs, necrophilia, etc.) under his belt, but now he adds roligion to that list. This movie is sure to offend deeply religious people, but for people who don't mind the ocassional religious joke, this is a great addition to anyone's movie collection and a very, very funny addition at that!
 Entertainment Weekly calls it 1 of the best 10 movies of 1999. I loved this movie. The best movie in the New Jersey Chronicles(Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, Clerks Uncensored the animated series, and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back) all of which were written by Kevin Smith.This movie also has a star cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Florentino, Salma Hayek, Jason Lee, Jason Mewes, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock, and Kevin Smith. Ok now to give you the plot.  Long ago Bartelby and Loki(Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) talked back to God and were banished to Wisconsin.  Someone has sent them a newspaper clipping in the mail pointing them in the direction of a loop hole to get back in Heaven.  By going into back into Heaven they prove God wrong which would unmake existance.  Bethany(Linda Florentino) a women who works at an abortion clinic and has lost her faith is the only person who can stop them.  The voice of god(Alan Rickman) appears at Bethanys house and tells her she must stop 2 renegade angels and will meet 2 profits.  One of them doesnt speak much but the one that does will mention he is a profit.  There are many other interesting characters that she will meet on her journey.  Now you are wondering, Will Bethany stop them? Who sent the newspaper clipping to the angels? and, Why doesnt God take care of this his/herself?  If you want to find out rent this movie. After seeing it once you know you will want to buy it and watch all the time.  Don't miss out on one of the funniest movies ever made.
 Kevin Smith, the king of quirky, teenage stoner movies, is back with what is, in my not-so-humble opinion, the best of the  View Askew  series. The movie was preceded by  Clerks,   Mallrats,  and  Chasing Amy,  and is the second to the last in the series. The movies are actually excellent stand-alones; the  series  is very loosely connected, but having watched all of the previous movies in the ViewAskewniverse, I caught quite a few of Kevin Smith's  in  jokes. Silent Bob and Jay are, of course, the best characters in the movie, once again upstaging the stars. This movie will most likely offend anyone sensitive about the topic of religion. And if you think movies today have too much violence and bad language... welllll... perhaps you should rent a Disney movie instead! But for anyone looking for sarcastic humor and religious satire, you're guaranteed good entertainment with  Dogma.  While seeing Ben Affleck and Matt Damon together again is a highlight of the movie, the best part about it are the smaller parts. Chris Rock as Rufus is hilarious - and I don't even like Chris Rock! Alan Rickman as the voice of God is perfect... there's nothing that improves a movie more than sarcastic British wit. Janeane Garofalo, in a bit part, is wonderful - as usual - and Alanis Morissette makes the perfect God (I'll worship her any day). If you're looking for something to liven up your weekend, go out and rent  Dogma.  And better yet, rent  Clerks,   Mallrats,   Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back,  and  Chasing Amy  with it and get your fill of Jay, Silent Bob, snootchie bootchies, the Jedi Mind Trick, and comic book fun.
 Before I watched this movie, I had heard of the legendary Kevin Smith movies, famed for gross jokes and bad language. It was also labeled "blasphemous". Fortunately, I did not let these things deter me from seeing one of the most creative comedies I've seen to date. From the first minute to the last, this movie was charming, bright and original. Instead of a typical gross out movie, or a cutesy romantic comedy, this movie had style and a very very original story. It's message, although it could appear offensive to all religions, it did not set out to attack religion and make a mockery of God. Quite the opposite, there were actually some good messages, such as Serendipty (Selma Hayek) says
 Kevin Smith is no doubt a brilliant writer, and even though his directing skills could use some polish, Dogma is a step above his other films (well, except Chasing Amy).  The storyline is one of those that you have to pay a lot of attention to though; Linda Fiorentino stars as a Catholic woman that works in an abortion clinic and is more and more losing her faith.  One night she is visted by "The Voice of God (Alan Rickman) and given an assignment to stop two banished angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) from re-entering heaven through a loophole in the Catholic Dogma, and will thus destroy all existence.  She is teamed up with good ol' Jay & Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Smith), the unknown 13th Apostle (Chris Rock) and a rather sexy muse who works in a strip club (Salma Hayek who steals the entire movie).  Jason Lee is fantastic as the horned Azrael who has a few tricks up his own sleeve, and George Carlin is funny as Cardinal Glick.  But what makes Dogma work is that there is a lot of truth about religion that is discussed and joked about in the movie, mainly Salma Hayek's character talking about what is right and wrong about organized religion, and Matt Damon convincing a nun to quit her faith are some brilliant dialogue that will make the viewer think if he has an open mind.  All in all, Dogma isn't really as controversial as some say it is, but those with unique tastes will enjoy.
 Honestly the first time I saw this movie I was confused.  See, I am not a religious person so I kept having to ask questions.  I didn't get many of the 'jokes'.  The second time I saw it I remembered all that I had asked before, and it was actually quite funny.  A bit more profanity than I like, but still good.  And I am surprised to see people unhappy with Alanis Morrisette in this movie.  I thought she was fantastic as God.  If there was a God, that would be exactly what God SHOULD be like.  Best scene in the entire film
 Be sure to buy the special edition DVD rather than the first one which has nothing. The special edition is only about a dollar more.   Otherwise, Dogma is a great film that should teach a lot of people to lighten up about religion. It's a very funny film with great performances by the entire cast. A lot of good points are made and I highly reccomend this for anyone.
 This is one of the great movies of recent time.  Add to it all the deleted scenes on this great DVD and this is a classic that any Kevin Smith fan needs to have. Without a doubt a needed addition to any DVD collection.
 This film suprised me more than any other film during the last 3 years. I recomend it to all true beleivers and people who like to think. The film challenges your faith and your standards. Watch it and you'll never think the same way before. Yes the language is strong and sex is mentioned almost in every line but the film helped me to understand religion much more than books written by theologians. Great actors and very clever directing will sweep you off your feet.
 Kevin Smith writes great dialogue and this movie is no exception.  The religious content makes you think a little bit, but for the most part you'll be laughing, provided that you take the digs Smith takes at the Catholic Church and Christianity in stride.  While I felt the movie dipped a bit in quality at the end, overall this is one of the funniest movies of the year.
 This is a smart comedy about religion and the Church. We find a great cast of different stars playing God, angels, demons, muses, prophets and apostles. I can understand that for some people religion is a very serious issue and that these individuals may take offense in this movie. However, if you do no belong in this group, I highly recommend you to watch this film, since I am sure you will have a great time. The Church is in a renewal process and seeking to attract people to enlarge its flock. Some of the changes involve revamping the depressing image in the crucifix for a smiling, winking and thumbs-up Christ. Also, a Church in New Jersey decreed a day in which everyone that passes through its gates will be cleansed of all sins and forgiven by God. Loki (Matt Damon) and Bartleby (Ben Affleck) are two angles that have incurred in God's wrath and therefore were expelled from heaven and condemned to live in Wisconsin from the rest of their eternal lives. They see this as an opportunity to be forgiven and allowed to return to heaven. The path to their destination is not an easy one though, since by achieving their forgiveness they would prove God wrong, and existence will cease because it is based on the fact that God is always right. Therefore, Loki's and Bartleby's journey affects a large number of people and other mystic figures. There are two sides to the conflict, those that want to prevent them from getting to their destination, and those that want to help them and create chaos. Among muses, demons, the thirteenth apostle and a Golgothan, which by the way is super gross, we find a woman named Bethany (Linda Fiorentino). She is at a tough stage in her life and has almost lost her faith, but is requested by Metathron, the voice of God, to stop the two angels in their quest. The way in which the film questions some of the beliefs of religion is smart and funny, and the talented cast help make this a very pleasant experience. For example, Chris Rock in his role of the thirteenth apostle is hilarious, showing his usual sense of humor with quick and witty jokes. I also found interesting the questioning of God's sex and Jesus race, which I think spices up several scenes throughout the movie and allows for some very funny moments.
 unlike many dvds this contained outtakes and extended scenes that were actually worth watching.  Give yourself some time though, there are a LOT of extras,and it takes a while to watch 'em all
 Jay and Silent Bob help the "last Zion Bethany Sloane to stop two fallen angels from destroying the world and ending reality.  Publicity were plagued with controversy over a perceived anti-Christian message read into the film. So please before you think about hurting someone over this trifle of a film, remember
 Dogma's great. The story itself is interesting, and overall very engaging. The acting is well done, eventhough i do have contempt for Matt Damon and Ben Afleck - in this film I enjoy the dynamic they present.  There's fan service abound (amusing stripper scene), and demon made entirely of pooh, Angels with big wings, and unlikely hilarious prophets.  There's a lot of satire, ie George Carlin as a Catholic Bishop, and clever discussion of religion, what it means, and how it's been twisted over the years. There's also a lot of focus on meaning and symbolism, but not enough to bore to lose the audience.  Very simple, witty conversations, great story, and hilarity all make Dogma an excellent film. Check it out!
 There are very few films were one can compliment both Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in their acting efforts.  Besides "Good Will Hunting", this is another one of those efforts.  Cast of the movie is fantastic.  Alan Rickman is great in his role as voice of God and it is delightfull surprise to learn that the God is in form of beautiful and serene Alanis Morisette.  Chris Rock will not fail you as one of the "forgotten apostole (13th one that happens to be black).  Unless you are an individual  too serious about your Catholic faith, or just too God fearing Christian in general, you will find this movie to be smart, funny and very entertaining.  I will be the first one to admit that I did not expect much of this movie and I got a very nice treat.  This is one of the comedies that you will always think of fondly  - if you are humble enough to laugh at yourself.  I believe that every one of us can see themselves or someone close we know in this colorful display of characters.
 This movie is hilarious! But watch out if you are someone who clings to Roman Catholic practices religiously. This movie will probably be condemned by many as blasphemy, but its a wickedly funny road to hell. Take the movie as it was intended and you'll have a great time. I enjoyed it, and I'm catholic.
 We start out with an old man in front of a skeeball location getting the snot beat out of him, then a flash to the story. Evidently two ejected angels sent to Wisconsin for the duration have found a loophole that will allow them to return to Heaven unscathed. Seems that no one from above or below really wants this to happen. So several beings with their own agenda are coercing Bethany Sloane (Linda Fiorentino) to do their dirty work as she unknowingly is the only one qualified.  Will Bethany be able to stop the two angels before it is too late? Or is there a sinister unnamed force helping the fallen angels to succeed?  Some of the actors are just coasting through the movie (probably to pick up some spending cash).  But Alan Rickman is excellent as usual and plays the indignant part to the hilt. See him again in "Galaxy Quest made the same year.  Defiantly designed for certain genre tastes (sort of a cross between Ghost Busters and Monty Python with a little Arthur Miller tossed in.) I personally found it a tad too potty mouthed and over obsessed with sex. Other than that it brings up good premises and a few eternal questions. This is defiantly on of those films that need to be viewed more than once to pick up on the nuances'  <a href="http
 The first time I saw "Dogma I was put off by the endless explanations of Catholic&#8230; well&#8230; dogma.  Director/screenwriter Kevin Smith knew that the subject matter he was tackling would go over the heads of his audience if not adequately explained (ideas such as plenary indulgence, the last scion, or the Metatron are not part of the popular dialogue).  He did a good job tackling these ideas, only the explanation tended to drag down the rest of the movie.  And it left little room for character development (Linda Fiorentino spends most of the movie's first half saying "I don't understand to either Alan Rickman or Chris Rock).  Upon viewing the film a second time, being more comfortable with the material myself, I was able to relax and enjoy the jokes Smith placed within those explanations, and go along for the ride with his well-plotted and superbly structured story.  Further to this, those performances that felt stilted and stale behind the veil of explanation are now fresh and vibrant.  I didn't appreciate the work of Fiorentino, Rock, Jason Lee, Salma Hayek, or Ben Affleck the first time around.  Now I see that they are a uniformly solid ensemble.  Couple this with the standout performance of Mr. Rickman, a playful but malevolent Matt Damon, and a beatific Alanis Morrissette, and Smith seems to have found the perfect cast of characters. "Dogma is a big movie with a big brain that it's not afraid to use, a Smith trademark.  This may come as a surprise to those who know Smith as a (self-admitted) purveyor of [...] and fart jokes.  Don't worry, the auteur has not turned his back on his bread and butter.  The bathroom humour runs wild and free here.  But it's not bathroom humour for the sake of bathroom humour.  This is seen most clearly in the famous and much reviled Golgothan S**t-Demon scene.  It exists not just as an excuse to dress up a man in a poo suit, but actually makes sense given the universe of the film. Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Smith) do more here than in any previous Smith film.  They come to the story early on, stay until the end, and carry much of the film's comedy.  Jay is his usual motormouth self, only his ribald banter is consistently funnier than in any previous films.  Silent Bob is once again 99% silent, taking a couple of occasions to save the day (without the clumsiness he displayed in "Mallrats").  And in one heartbreaking scene near the end, Smith, a self-confessed non-actor, actually wrings some true pain and sadness without resorting to weepy hysterics.  A good job. As for the film's supposed anti-religious angle, anyone that pays attention to the ideas being presented will know that couldn't be further from the truth.  The only religion that gets condemned is the kind that's organized.  Smith is more concerned with a return to faith, in whatever form that it may take.  It attacks belief, which is cold and unyielding and harmful to those who don't share it, in favour of ideas, which can respond to most any human situation.  Smith deserves credit in that he has made a movie that gave me, a self-styled lapsed Jew and agnostic, cause to question my beliefs.  And I think that was Smith's goal in the first place Besides taking on organized religion, "Dogma is also -- in many of the film's aside lines -- a loving tribute to movies and how they can affect our consciousness, a noble ideal that this film strides towards and succeeds.  If film is the new religion in our liberal culture, then "Dogma would make fine scripture.
 This review will only talk about the features included on this DVD edition.  My review of the movie proper was posted August 20, 2001.  --- Since commentary tracks are the most important feature, to me, of any DVD, and since this is my first time listening to one (well, two here) of Kevin Smith's legendary commentary tracks, let me get right at it. Messrs. Smith, Affleck, Mewes, Lee, Mosier, and Pereira appear on the first track.  The Jays, Mewes and Lee, don't contribute all that much; the former adds a spaced-out comment or two, but only when prompted, giving cause for the others to ridicule his grammar; the latter only pipes up to ask director Smith a technical question once in a while.  Vinnie Pereira, who is described as View Askew's resident historian, is proven negligent on several occasions, for not knowing some detail or another.  Which, to me, proves that he's probably right most of the time, and only got called on it while the audience was in the room, for the purpose of some good-natured ridicule.  Scott Mosier, producer and second unit director, answers any and all technical questions that Smith can't, and takes some all-in-good-fun flak for his cameo in the film, a scene on the bus where he's asked to make-out with his girlfriend.  Ben Affleck, far and away the biggest star in the room, is both incredibly articulate on why he's proud of the movie and his role in it, and good-natured at being the butt of many of his lesser-known cohorts' jokes.  Kevin Smith, writer/director, is funny and forthcoming with his feelings about the movie.  He doesn't shy away from the on-set conflict between Linda Fiorentino and himself, he's outspoken about the undue criticism the film received, and he's self-deprecating when talking about his skills (or lack thereof) as a director and his reliance on toilet humour in his writings.  The track is fun and funny, like listening to a bunch of guys at a bar on a particularly witty and combative night.  It's not afraid to go off-topic (at one point a discussion breaks out on the sex-lives of the participants during the making of the movie!), but still manages to cram in more behind the scenes information than most commentary tracks I've heard. The second commentary track features only Smith, Mosier, and Pereira, and was included because the first track was so jokey and off-topic at times.  Smith and Co. wanted to at least appear like real filmmakers who knew what they were doing.  So they try and talk about aspect ratios, and film stock, and optical transfers, etc.  Which is all well and good, but they also joke around enough to make this track interesting in its own right, while still being funny for non-techno geeks. Besides the two commentary tracks, the 2 DVD set holds a number of other fine features. Included in packages liner notes is a lengthy and finely written essay by Smith, which details how and (more importantly) why he made this film.  In it, he lays his soul bare, giving up his love for God, and his desire to honour Him (or Her) with an intelligent movie that the masses will see.  The only way to do that, he reasons, is by lacing the theologically motivated story with "... and fart jokes".  A job well done, Kev. Disc two has over 100 minutes of deleted scenes that prove why they were deleted.  They are often ponderous, and would have been detrimental to the narrative, even while fleshing out each character's backstory.  The interesting part about this feature is that each scene is introduced by Pereira and an increasingly larger contingent of the Smith clan, beginning with just Kevin, then him and his daughter, then him and his daughter and his wife, and finally him and his "other son, Jason Mewes.  It's kind of cute to see Kevin, a self-described raunchmeister, in the company of his wholesome family. The outtakes section was a disappointment.  With over 3.5 hours of usable footage, you'd think the produces would have been able to cobble together more than 13 minutes of crack-ups and muggings.  But they haven't.  Pity. Overall, the DVD is a fine package.  Two minor quibbles
 Dogma is a movie with comedy, drama, and a wonderful look at religion. It watches almost like a parody, and with the language and some crude humor, it would be very easy to get offended, but watch it with an open mind and you will see the real story. Rufus, the black 13th apostle, gives us some great insight into what we really should be doing as followers of Christ. He gives a line to the effect of, 'You guys took a great thing and built a religion around it.' Plus, Alan Rickman is a very attractive Metatron!
 This won't fly with overly sensitive religious people. Excellent humor, this movie is one you will want to share with friends and watch again and again.
 As with all Smith movies, this DVD delivers the goods. First, the movie.  It is one that needs to be viewed as a  thoughtful comedy  to be appreciated.  It deals with some heavy duty material, but is done so in more of a  what if  manner.  This is not to be taken as the absolute truth.  Anyone who thinks that this is an indication of how things are needs their head examined. Acting wise, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, and Jay Mewes shine.  Even Ben Affleck is quite entertaining.  In all honestly, Linda Fiorentino is the only disappointment.  Everyone else pretty much NAILS their roll.   And of course, the commentaries are great.  The actor one barely mentions the film, which is actually very amusing.  And the deleted scenes are great, though somewhat frustrating without the play all button.  This was fixed with Jay and Silent Bob Strike back though.  Check it out.
 If the use of any vulgar language bothers you, this is not the movie for you. If poking fun at religious dogma where religion-(not just Catholicism)-cannot defend itself, this is not the movie for you. However, if you are open-minded enough to realize and accept that all points of view have merit, and can just enjoy a damn funny movie for its own sake, then this is definitely the movie for you! The opening credits advise you to not take the movie seriously and it is your own fault if you do. This movie is crass, profane, and disturbing. It is thought provoking and deeper than it first seems. It is also one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Some people may see this movie and think Kevin Smith &amp; Company are ridiculing people of faith, if not faith itself. I think nothing could be further from the truth. This movie has the message that God does exist. In what form does God exist? Well that is the question. No religion is more right on than the next. The fundamentalists of every faith would definitely disagree. There is no one  right religion.  But to use a line from Inherit the Wind
 Kevin Smith's Dogma is a brilliant comedy that's been misunderstood right from the begging. This movie doesn't mock religion. It simply jokes around about people's beliefs. It's cartoonish, savagely funny, and wonderfuly written. Smith isn't here to shock and offend. He has a message to tell. If anything, thelast thing this movie does is bash any religion. It tells you to have faith. And I tell you to have faith in this film. If you want to disagree with me, fine, make sure to vote against me, but faith is in the eye of the beholder, and to not give this movie a chance, truely proves who's ignorant in this situation.
 I found Dogma to be a wonderfully satirical statement on the state of organized religion.  Using the backdrop of plenary indulgence possibly bringing about the end of existence was a delicious choice. The Special Edition improves on the original product by adding some outstanding behind the scenes material.  Though I found some of the outtakes to be tedious (the Matt Damon Star Wars one-liners as a notable exception), the rest of the material is excellent.  The deleted scenes expand upon the story, most notably that of why Bethany was unable to have children and Azrael's description of why Hell was the way it was.  The audio commentary was also very informative.
 Another great film from Kevin Smith.  As always with all of Smith's dvds, the extra features are fabulous.  Be sure to check out his other films on dvd if you haven't already.
 two renegade angels have found a loophole that could potentially destroy all of mankind.  It leaves a question wandering in your mind.  Can a band of unlikely heroes save the day?
 I absolutly love this movie.  First of all, it is hilarius.  I laughted all hte way through it.  The writting is sharp, the direction puches every joke and adds a slew of sight gags, and the perfomances are great.  Second  of all, it is extremly intelligent.  Though some people get their undies  all in a wad over this movie (I've had a freind refer to it as balsphemous)  it is not anti-religion.  In fact, it is very pro-God, pro-fatih.  It's  anti-church (mainly anti-catholic) but it isn't vicious in its  anti-catholicism.  I think the muse, played suprubly by teh knockout Selma  Hyack,  Their hearts are in the right place, their brians just need to  catch up.   This movie is really an intelligant theologicla  discussion in hte format of a comedy.  It works extremly well on both  levels.  The only flaw is the over-use of hte f-word, it just gets  annoying.  However, that's one small flaw in a brilliant movie.  Watch it  for Damon and Aflec, watch it for Alanis, watch it for silent Bob, watch it  to laugh, watch it to think, jsut WATCH IT. Here I stand, so God help me,  Amen.
 You can read all about the story in these other peoples' reviews. I don't want to ruin it for you. This movie cracked me right up! If you are a rabid Kevin Smith fan like me, you'll love this. I know I did. All your favorites  make appearances (with new names, of course). You'll see Dante, Randall,  Walt Flanagan, Brodie, and yes, the A$$hole from Fashionable Male. Of  course there are the celebs you'll see too, like George Carlin as a  Catholic cardinal (!), Alanis Morrisette as God, Salma Hayek as a muse,  Chris Rock, that british guy with the face (sorry, guy!), Umm... and of  course, Jay and Silent Bob! I loved it. I am going to buy it as soon as I  can. Cracked me right up! watch it, buy it, laugh, and be merry! Snootchie  Bootchies! 
 Kevin Smith has done it again with Dogma.  This is one of the best movies of 1999, yet it hardly got recognized.  No one can beat Smith's penchant for writing amazing, bantering dialogue.  The characters created here are  phenomenal--Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are great as two angels kicked out  of heaven, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, and of course, Jason  Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  I loved seeing them in a  bigger role than in any of his previous movies.  This isn't a film bashing  Catholicism, and I can't believe that anyone was offended by this.  Make  sure you read the disclaimer at the beginning, because it is absolutely  hilarious.
 Director Kevin Smith (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back) made a new movie in 1999 after CA and before JASBSB. It was a religious drama, WITH JAY AND SILENT BOB!!?? You ask yourslef, how can it be a drama with 2 stoners with nothing better to do than hang out by the Quickstop in Leonardo, NJ? It was a dramedy, I guess. With stars like Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and many more, Dogma is an all-star movie with an all-star cast. In a small town in Illinios, Bethany Sloan (Fiorentino) is given a task by an angel (Alan Rickman) to stop Bartleby (Affleck) and Loki (Damon) from entering the doors of a church in Asbury Park, NJ. If they do, God (Alanis Morrisette) will be proven wrong and the end of existance (The Apocolypse) will come. To help Bethany, two profits, Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Kevin Smith), and an apostle, Rufus (Chris Rock) are sent. But in her way stands Azrael (Jason Lee), a former muse, and three of his henchmen. Also in the gang to stop evil is a muse (Selma Hayek) who they find at a strip club. If you haven't already seen Dogma, see it. I also recommend any of the other NJ Series movies. A warning though, if you haven't seen Clerks, Mallrats, or Chasing Amy yet, then wait to see the last installment, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back. Good day, and see you at the movies.
 Dogma is one of the greatest movies of all time. Watch it. Then watch it again. Then think about it for a while. Then watch it again. You'll be happy that you did. A majority of the people that appear to dislike this movie point out either that its slam against Catholics or its extreme use of profanity. To address the second issue, yes, Jay swears a lot. But to be honest, I have friends that swear just as much, so it's not exactly unrealistic. The movies rated R, so either go into it expecting to hear the F word thrown around a bit, or stick to Disney flicks. As for this movie being a diatribe against Catholicism, think about it for a bit. If you removed the name Catholic, and replaced it with any other major religion, would the movie still work? Yes, it would, and that is because the movie isn't knocking Catholics (BTW, Kevin Smith is Catholic, and attends church weekly) it's talking about the concepts of organized religion, and the problems within these religion that are brought about by the imperfect nature of the humans that created them, and their inability to even consider that they might not be right. I'm not asking you to love this movie, or to even like it. All that I'm asking is for you to actually sit down and think about what the movie may be trying to tell you about yourself, before you dismiss it out of hand and prove the movie right...
 All you people are really stoopid f*cks... can't you just enjoy the film for what it is?  Stop reading between the lines and talking about the film being blasphemous.  If you dont find it funny, then fine, maybe you just have  sophisticated  tastes but i dont give a f*ck, jay and silent bob was the best comedic duo ever created by the genius kevin smith
 I would buy this if you like comedy. Who wouldn't like Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as angels. They already are so why not just show it! The whole theme of the DVD extras seem to be Mooby the cow. Very funny! Jay and Silent Bob are great! Selma Hayek is hilarious as a muse and Jason Lee is hilarious as he always his. Buy it for a laugh on a rainy day... or a sunny day. Whenever. It's great.
 A must watch movie.  I'd love to be in a Kevin Smith movie (one of my  dreams)
 Awsome service, arrived early and product matched its description! What more can you ask for?  I very highly recommend this product.
 THE CATHOLIC CHURCH WOULD HAVE KEVIN SMITHS HEAD ON A PLATTER IF THEY COULD. THE MOVIE GIVES A CERTAIN SOMEBODYS VIEWS ON THE CATHOLIC RELIGION AND AT THE SAME TIME IS EXTREMELY FUNNY.DOGMA IN MY OPINION IS THE BEST SMITH MOVIE SO FAR BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON PLAY TWO ANGELS SENT BACK FROM HEAVEN FOR BEING BAD.JAY AND SILENT BOB PLAY TWO PROPHETS TRYING TO STOP BEN AND MATT FROM REENTERING THE GATES OF HEAVEN  WITH A CLEAN SLATE.NEED I SAY MORE FOR WHAT THE TWO CARMING DUO'S GET THEMSELVES INTO   BRIAN  BINDER
 Chasing Amy will probably remain my favorite Kevin Smith film, but Dogma should always have a close second. After turning the Mallrats fiasco around with Chasing Amy, Smith decided to embark on his life's work, the one film that he'd been saving for just the amount of exposure it would get
 dogma is an awsome movie as well as the rest of the view askew productions and anyone who thinks diferently is a prude or has little to no sense of humor. kevin smith is an execelent actor/writer/director/producer any one who thinks diferently is a moron. i would pay to be in one of his films even as an extra, just to have worked with him and tell him to never stop with his films they are all awsome from clerks to jersey girl i enjoyed them all very much.  with admiration,  adam hawk
 Dogma is a great and funny movie by kevin smith.This movie maybe the best in the new jersey series.I would recommend getting this movie to any fan of kevin smiths movies.
 I seen this movie in the theatres when it came out and fell in love with it from beginning to end. This movie contains more of the smart humor mixing fact with a hilarious factoidic twist! I can see why people either really hate the movie or really like it and that is mainly because that's how Kevin Smith directs his movies. If you like what you see in the beginning of this film then the whole film is non stop keeping you watching and listening till the credits role. Surprising cast at work in this one as well!
 Well, this being the fourth in the Jersey series, but not the fourth KS movie I had seen. It is kind of long in my opinion and I think there are boring times and I love to hate Affleck and Damon as Bartleby and Loki, respectively, but that's another point. I didn't take it as seriously as I would have had some other people if there had not been an disclaimer. Anyways, not much to say about this edition except it has 2 discs, and both discs featire artwork from the movie. Disc 1 is about Mooby Egg-A-Moofin and Disc 2 is about Hosties. Final Verdict
 Those people who really want more from their DVDs will probably already be aware of Kevin Smiths films, Smith really pushes the format, each of his previous releases (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy &amp; Clerks Uncensored) are overladen with goodies.  Deleted Scenes, interviews and hilarious commentaries are standard issue for Smith and this disc brings Dogma into line, after a lacklustre bog standard release, this Special Edition really delivers. With Smiths signature heroes Jay and Silent Bob again grabbing the plaudits, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck give fine performances, Chris Rock and Alan Rickman are great and with the gorgeous Linda Fiorentino and Salma Hayek producing the goods, is there really a reason not to buy this disc? With the final instalment due soon (Jay &amp; Silent Bob Strike Back), take the opportunity to get Dogma and get up to date before it's over for good!
 Ok this is in my top 5 movie list. Im only 15 and im considered ignorant and foolish for agreeing completely with this movie....its a satire while at the same time it shows people what they need to see.....that christianity is in a corrupt state...especially catholicism! we believe in one true god...in god we trust while at the same time we hear every sunday of tithing and how the lord thanks a generous giver...so in closing i agree with this movie....it has opened my eyes to a world which was alreadt in front of me...the world of god...not the world of church...oh and it made me laugh.
 I quite enjoyed Dogma, and it was one of Kevin Smith's top efforts so far. The 'controversy' that it caused was mostly unfounded other than via plain ignorance by those protesting. It's purpose is to get you to take a wider  look at religion by finding ways to poke fun at it..and at the same time  enhance the understanding of what it all is suppossed to mean. All the  characters were decently fleshed, and well cast..
 Catholicism, WOW! One of the best and most though provoking movies I have seen in a decade. A huge fan of Kevin Smith and a Catholic myself I was intrigued by the chance to see what Kevin was up to that had upset so many  people. As it turns out, he only impressed me beyond my already high  expectations of his work. Upsetting? On the contrary, I found it relieving  that we could finally take a lighthearted look at the Catholic faith and  what surrounds it. The Jewish religion has been taking jabs at itself in  Hollywood for 40 years, and it's great to see Kevin taking things not so  seriously and writing a script that was funny, thoughtful, and keeping  within the constraints of the Catholic dogma. And the lesson in the end was  not one of lost faith or destruction. It was about a God that loved his/her  people with a condition that only the creator could. The faith is intact,  the world is still revolving, and the muse has done a thorough job  entertaining me once again. God bless her! A huge list of characters  including a high angel, two prophets, a muse, a demon, three of his  minions, two fallen angels, a Cardinal, and the 13th apostle, make this a  menagerie of colorful concepts all woven together in the engaging idea the  two angels can get back to heaven by clipping their wings and walking  through the doors of a cathedral. The movie works from character to  character through complicated religious jargon that had me completely lost  throughout the first viewing, but that is the point. The comedic value of  the film comes from God, the bible, and mankind having such a complicated  relationship that a simple solution to anything is not possible. The film  centers around a loophole within the dogma that, if enacted, would disprove  God was infallible and would destroy existence. This plot proved to be one  of the most intelligent scripts I have ever seen written for film. It  challenged you, made you think, and made you laugh.  The only people I  could see that would have a problem with this film are the people who would  not enjoy a Kevin Smith film in the first place. If foul language offends  you, you won't like this movie. If your favorite film of the decade was  Home Alone, you won't like this movie. If you slept through Being John  Malcovick, you won't like this movie. Everyone else should thoroughly enjoy  it.  Oh yes, Jay and Silent Bob are still as funny as ever.
 Writer and director Kevin Smith's first View Askew movie on christ,religion,and good vs evil.the movie has different plots to it,with lots of violence and foul language.here's the plots and characters.the plot
 This is one of the funniest movies of all time. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are showing their comical side for the first time as Loki and Bartleby, two angels kickedn out of heaven for fipping off God. Chris Rock shows up as a  13th apostle, and Mallrat's Jay and Bob try to destroy the angels. This is  a great movie
 Dogma was funny from beginning to end, there were totally angels in it, the angels were funny angels and jay and silent bob were funny too, the angels had no private parts so that made them very angry because of the fact that they had none.  Ben Affleck was good in it Jason Mewes was good and when the last scion came into it she had to stop the angels from getting into heaven because the world would end if they did and Ben Affleck and Matt Damon wouldn't be able to make any more super groovy movies like Pearl Harbor and Legend OF Bagger Vance and Black Stallion 2.  I like the best part when matt damon is drinkin beer at the end cuz hes happy that he can get drunk again and he's just chillin and wobbling all over and then alanis comes down from heaven and since she's not a good singer her voice hurts ben affleck and his head breaks open and then the movie is over.  I love this movie it's the best one that came out in the longest time.
 Dogma is about 2 angels that are band from heaven. They find a way to get back to heaven but if they do get back they will end existence so 2 prophets (Jay and Silent Bob a.k.a. Kevin Smith) have to stop the angels before they reach the destination.  This is one of the greatest movies Kevin Smith ever made actually all his movie's were great.All his movies are sure to make the most serious on their knees laughing.
 this is my absolute favorite movie, you have to see it.
 The movie came in brand new store-wrapped goodness and no damage. It arrived soon after ordering.
 Some find it odd that some one of my most oft-repeated sayings when discussing religion in serious conversations comes from a Kevin Smith movie -- "I think it's better to have ideas. You can change an idea. Changing a belief is trickier. But I think that that line alone made this movie more than just a screwball comedy, controversial for the sake of being controversial. "Dogma has some actual messages to get across, and it just happens to do it in a much more enjoyable way than, say, "The Passion. The movie follows a disillusioned Catholic woman (Linda Fiorentino) on her journey, ordered by Metadron (Alan Rickman), to stop two fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) from reentering heaven, thus rendering God's word reversible and ending the world as we know it. Along the way, she encounters workers of God, prophets, and the missing thirteenth apostle (Chris Rock, my favorite part of the movie). I'm not going to reveal any more of the plot, except to say that Alanis Morissette makes a pretty unexpected (and funny, when you consider the absurdity of it) appearance. The great thing about "Dogma is that it always seems to know exactly what it's doing. There's parts when it's supposed to be screwball humor (which is most of it), and parts when it's supposed to be more serious. It blends these two perfectly together, and the result makes you laugh and think at the same time. Truthfully, not many movies can do that. Sure, some may watch it only for the appearance of Kevin Smith regulars Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Smith himself, respectively) but if you look deeper, there's some real substance to this movie. It's not a bashing of the Catholic church; it's simply a movie that reminds you to ask questions. Highly recommended unless you're an easily offended Catholic.
 When one sits down with a group of film producers and suggests that he wants to do a humorous film about religion, I'm sure that there is a bit of hesitance.  But luckily for us, Kevin Smith, the writer and director of  such movies as Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy, has hit another winner  with Dogma.  The movie begins with a disclaimer, and rightfully so,  about how this is a piece of fiction and not some hostile take-over of  organized religion.  Despite that, this film was met with harsh criticism,  debate, and even protesters from members and leaders of the Catholic  Church. Shortly after, we meet the movie's protagonist, Bethany (Linda  Fiorentino), an employee at an abortion clinic whose Catholic faith seems  to be dwindling by the minute.  She is no longer moved by her faith; she  thinks that God is dead.  She couldn't be any more wrong.  As she reaches  the low point in her faith, she is spoken to by the Angel of God (Alan  Richman) who challenges her to a mission for God
 Ah, Mooby... Kevin Smith is one of the hottest young filmmakers today. And it is no wonder, he makes great films--Clerks (what he did on such a small budget and his work as an indie film), Chasing Amy (not your typical Kevin Smith movie, but a great film, Dogma (the best of what he has done), and even Mallrats was good, though it did poorly at the box office and Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back (his spoof of himself). But Dogman is his crowning achievement. Dogma is easily in the top 100 movies ever made. Smith's dialogue is on par. It's a great satire as well as a philosophical/theological statement (the thinking man's movie). And done his way--the independant way. Smith does a great job directing, and his script is well-written (though he is flexible enough to make changes while shooting). And Smith and his producer Scott Mosier do their own editing--a real bonus as it helps keep the director's vision alive. Smith also pulls out some great performances in this film. Linda Fiorentino plays the main role of Bethany Sloane. She does a good job, but her performance is below the rest of the cast. She is just a little too low-key. Matt Damon gives a brilliant performance, and even Ben Affleck (and actor I have little respect for) gives a solid performance, though he tends to be upstaged by Damon. Alan Rickman gives a respectable performance. Chris Rock and Salma Hayek are wonderful. Jason Lee is great, as he always is (easily the best performance of the film). Of course you have Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith as our favorite duo - Jay and Silent Bob. Great job guys. And there are good performances by George Carlin, Alanis Morissette (a particularly hard role since there is no dialogue), Janean Grafalo (oh how I wish she had been casted as Bethany, the role was made for her), Better Aberlin (as the Nun--you know which one), Dwight Ewell, Ethan Suplee (as the Golgothan), and of course Walt Flanagan. There are a few glitches and a few casting questions, but overall Smith pulls great work out of his actors.  As a dvd, Smith puts together a #1 package for his fans. First of all it comes in a nice slipcover case instead of that cheap packaging so man dvds come in. His menus are interactive, cartoonish, and very entertaining. There's this odd 'grandma' lady running around the dvd. She's great. There are two commentaries. The first is your typical Kevin Smith commentary
 I've been a huge fan of both George Carlin and Janeane Garofalo, so you'd think when this movie originally came out I'd be one of the first people in line to see it.  But for some strange reason I didn't see it in the theatre, and when it came out on DVD I just never got around to buying it (or even renting it).  So, here it is approximately a dozen years later and I've FINALLY seen it, and it was FANTASTIC!  One of the best movies ever!!  And while both George Carlin and Janeane Garofalo were great in this move, my favorite lines actually came from an actor that I had totally ignored up until this point.  I am speaking of course about Alan Rickman, who played a crusty and very annoyed Angel.  Rickman's performance of this long suffering and much complaining Angel was FANTASTIC with an excellent mix of irony, dry humor, and compassion.  I will watch this movie again and again and again and again.  It is JUST THAT GOOD!!
 I missed seeing this movie in the theatres, largely because the people in charge of promoting and advertising the movies did such a horrible job trying to get me into the theatres.  The TV commercials I saw only told me the names of the actors and actresses in the movie and NOTHING about the plot.  As a result I really wasn't interested.  It wasn't until AFTER I heard the Catholic Church was on a crusade to keep people from watching this movie, that I wanted to see it.  Every time a Church or community or "morals group tries to keep from watching a movie, it automatically makes me want to see it.  I am now VERY glad I saw it.  This is one of the BEST movies I've ever seen!  I had never seen Alan Rickman in a movie before, but his performance as a sarcastic, grumpy angel with a very dry, British wit sold me on him for life.  I seek his movies out now!  He's wonderful!  Of course Alan Rickman isn't the only great thing about this movie.  George Carlin as Cardinal Glick with his WOW campaign to bring the Catholic Church into the twenty-first century was classic!  I mean  . . You've gotta love the Buddy Christ!  Right?  I got one of those for the dashboard of my car as soon as they started selling 'em on the internet!  And Bethany didn't have the same dry British wit as the angel, but she was sarcastic and grumpy and world weary enough that I could really relate to her.  She was a real lovable smartass.  And yeah, the Catholic Church still hates this movie and they didn't want me to see it.  Personally I don't know what they're so afraid of.  This movie examines the Christian faith in general and Catholic dogma in particular, but it doesn't really bash Catholicism as much as it makes observations about it.  One of my favorites came from Serendipity (Salma Hayek) who said, "You people don't celebrate your faith; you mourn it.  I was raised Catholic and I'm here to tell you, she's 100% right!  There were other great lines and many great performances, but I'm not going to tell you about all of them in my tiny little review.  Watch the movie for yourself and see what I'm talking about!
 Good sarcastic humor, and a really entertaining movie I have seen several times, and enjoyed each viewing! I bought this move to share with a couple of friends who somehow have not seen this yet.  You have to know at least a little about the bible in order to get ALL the jokes & references, but those who are seriously devout might not be at all amused at the fun poked at religion!
 If you are a Kevin Smith fan you will love this edition of Dogma. It's basically a Blu-Ray version of the Special Edition DVD, but well worth it if you have a HD-TV!
 I had no idea what this movie was about when I picked it up at the rental. Firstly, you gotta watch this movie with an open mind. What's it about? It's about God, angels, prophets and the likes and it all takes place in the modern day. It actually makes fun of them, but in a good way. This is a very funny, clever and insightful movie with great dialogues and good acting. The characters are funny but real. I don't think I have seen any other movie that's so outrageously funny and thoughtful at the same time. I look forward to watching the other movies by director Kevin Smith.
 Kevin Smith, and the rest of the crew do a great job in this movie.
 I love thought provoking comedies. You certainly do not have to be Catholic (in any form..lapsed, practicing, whatever) to get the most out of this movie but it does help. The film abounds with intelligent, provocative dialogue spoken by excellent actors. And it's hysterical! It takes a skilled director/writer to construct a movie that can make you laugh AND think. A previous reviewer suggested that the characters are all annoying. I have to disagree. The characters are well rounded. They are all fleshed out by tremendous actors. The performances are believable. It has also been suggested that this film is irreverent. Well, possibly, but a little irreverence is what makes most smart comedies fly. Have fun with this movie. Watch and listen to it's keen perception of religion and faith. But most of all enjoy the brilliant comedy, first class performances and captivating plot.
 If you are obsessed, as I am, with the works of the very underrated Kevin Smith, then you can enjoy this Collectors Edition with no worries about lack of content or even worry about having seen everything that there is to see in the movie Dogma.
 "Dogma has got to be one of the most orignal movies that I have ever seen. It is a religious comedy that is always funny and always interesting. The only thing that you could do during "Dogma is to listen to the dialouge. It works so well and the dialouge is often used by people just because it is so fresh and things like that have never been said before. The same has to do with most of writer/director Kevin Smith's work. He is the one who brought us the great movie "Clerks, and other comedy greats like "Mallrats, and "Chasing Amy. I've only seen four of the five movies that Kevin Smith made, but this one is probally my favorite because of its story. I love the story and I love the humor. Crude, yet appropiate for the movie. People often wonder WHY this movie has such strong profanity and crude and sexual humor, but those people just don't seem ot understand. These are the kind of characters that use profanity and crude humor. Its just that kind of person, like you and me. Kevin Smith makes these characters perfect which is another reason why this movie works so well. The star of the movie is Bethany Sloan, who works at an abortion clinic, and has to deal with the protestors with signs like "Child Murderer. Events in her life has began to question her belief in God, but everything changes when she meets Metatron, the voice of God, who has a job for her. Cardinal Glick has designed a Church during its 100th year that has an archway that could lead to return of two banished angels Bartleby and Loki. Since God banished them, and his choice is infallible, it would prove that God is wrong, and the universe would just be nothing. The church is in New Jersey and Bethany is aided by two "prophets by the names of stoners Jay and Silent Bob. Jay lets Bethany go along with him on the hopes of being able to sleep with her in the end, and Silent Bob, barely speaks. They also meet Rufus the 13th apostle who is never heard of and is now forgotten, and Serendipity, a muse with writers block who is right now pretending to be a stripper. God becomes missing, and Bethany and her group get to New Jersey while dealing with the demon Azruel and his street hockey gang of thugs. Azruel is hoping to help the two angels so that he could get his revenge of God. Bartleby and Loki get closer and closer to New Jersey, but Bethany cannot give up all everything in the universe would just...disappear. When I first saw the movie I never saw anything of its kind. I feel that when it was released it could have recieved and Oscar for Best Orignal Screenplay. It was a critically acclaimed film that has many fans, and many people who don't want to see it at all. But those are the people who are missing out of this fun. It has an all-star cast. Linda Fiorentino, George Carlin, Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock. Salma Hayek, and Jason Lee, all of which have huge comedic talent and are perfect in their roles. ENJOY! Rated R for strong language including sex-related dialogue, violence, crude humor and some drug content.
 I loved Clerks, which I hail as Kevin Smith's finest work to date.  However, a close second in my opinion is, without a doubt, Dogma.  From the starting disclaimer to the whimsical scenes with God finishing out the film, I was totally moved by this movie.  Its deep, yet funny; I originally thought that Jay &amp; Silent Bob (a staple throughout Smith's movies) would be out of place in a religious setting - I was totally wrong!  I could see the scene with Cardinal Glick (portrayed by George Carlin) introducing the  Buddy Christ  over and over again with the same amount of laughter. The extra material, which I've been waiting ever so patiently for, is great as well.  Look for the  Bethany Boo Hoo  scene - one which should've made the final cut.  I did, however, find it somewhat of a relief that some scenes were deleted (the s**t demon / hospital scene was a perfect example). I'm overly impressed with this special edition.  I look forward to the summer release of  The Return of Jay &amp; Silent Bob .
 Ok I wanted to remain silent on commenting on DOGMA until the special edition DVD came out. Well now it's here, FINALLY! And I am prepared to comment... Now, in my humble opinion Kevin Smith is truly one of those filmmakers that really doesn't give himself the credit he richly deserves. I work in a video store, so, with the benefits I get to rent movies for free, and after a year or so I've seen great film (Smith's films included), but unfortunately, I also see films that are unoriginal, uninspired, and lacking substance (40% of those belonging to either Martin Lawrence or Adam Sandler). But Kevin Smith somehow manages to make something that tickles and stimulates your subconsious and makes you feel intellectually invigorated. Starting with  CLERKS,  the raw, gritty, and realistic look at the minimum wage hellholes that decorate our suburbs. Then the underappreciated  MALLRATS  a film that provoked watchers to stop a think about the things we typically never think about (i.e. the overpowering coital abilities of Superman). Third was the brutally honest and deeply emotional dramadey  CHASING AMY  a film that pointed out how important is is to focus on the now and also to trust your heart. And then Smith's latest opus DOGMA. Not since Albert Brooks' comedy  MOTHER  has there been a movie that gave me the desire to sit down and privately evaluate where I stand in my own life and the way I see the world, and more importantly next world. In total honestly, the people that shunned this movie needed to look past the ugly shell and see the deeper motivation of  DOGMA.  The implications laid forward by this film are really the most intelligent observations I've ever heard, and when I thought about them to myself I realized how much sense they've made to me. It now makes sense to me that God could be a woman, that Jesus was black and that these facts were omitted in order to hide the hardcore truth. Come to think of it those people have a mild similarity to Disney (who turned it's back on this film) obviously they don't want their audience to actually think! (Hence the succes of Pocahontas.) Fact is all of those films that dared to make the audience feel, have been given nothing but trouble (Just look at what happened to  BRAZIL ). But Now I'll comment on the comedy and performances. I still state that Kevin Smith is still the only person who manages to make curse words sound natural and evenly balances with Smith's intelligent, and witty writing. His immortal characters Jay and Silent Bob, upon their hilariously heroic entrance seemed like an addition that would end up clashing with the idea of the film, but soon you begin to welcome their presence into the proceedings. The material as well is fresh, original, and risky. Not since  Monty Python's Life of Brian  was there a comedy that dared to use the gospels as a platform for off-the-wall hilarity. Only in this one, the humor is natural and is perfectly in character for this film, aided in no small part by brilliant acting. We truly see a versatility in Chris Rock we never thought was there. Damon and Affleck obviously have no trouble working off each other. Salma Hayek has successfully managed to say  I'm sorry for my useless character in Wild, Wild, West,  and played a role that always puts a smile on my face. Jason Lee is also a diabolical delight (as usual)as our villain Azrael. Alan Rickman is hilariously british, as Metatron, and our heroine Linda Fiorentino makes you genuinely feel for her as the film progresses.  But you get even more of these feelings as you watch the extras on this fully loaded Special Edition DVD. supplying us with with over 100 minutes of deleted footage. You must definitely watch the flick before you watch these scenes, so you can absorb the scenes. The scenes are more interesting to watch on their own. I agree with Kevin Smith that if the film had not been cut it would've been WAAAAAY too long, and fact is comedy was not made for 3 1/4 hours. But watching these scenes alone make some of the motivations of the film more clear to me. Plus, add Two great Commentaries from cast and crew and then you'll get a welcome addition to the View Askew DVD collection. In conclusion, DOGMA has meant alot to me on a personal level. Because now, I've been provoked to give my faith a final evaluation and finally have thoughts of my own, and the fact that it's a comedy makes it moreso satisfying. You just don't get those feelings with a movie featuring a moron yelling nonsensical gibberish for an hour and a half.
 I doubted that a biography of any pianist, even somebody as eccentric and talented as Gould, could hold my attention for the length of a feature film -- even one that purports to be 32 separate films. I was wrong. Thirty Two Short Films about Glenn Gould is an incredible venture in story telling, in biography, in education, and an heroic attempt to show a story from multiple vantage points, using a varied set of devices. As each of the 32 "short films evolve, a web develops, connecting details and revealing an incredible life. We get less a biographical theory in this movie, than a larger set of questions than we dared to ask before the film began.  I found the experience to be brilliantly artistic and mentally stimulating. The cinematography builds mood and the music is unsurpassed. Definitely not an action movie--most skateboarding teenagers would rather have root canals than sit through this. Let them watch DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS or ORANGE COUNTY.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie without reservation. It earned more than the mere five stars Amazon will let me give it. (If you'd like to discuss this move or review in more detail, please click on the "about me link above and drop  me an email. Thanks!)
 I first showed this to my students five years ago in one of those  after the holiday concert slump  moments. At first, the seventh grade students were restless, similar to the German hotel chamber maid whom Gould forces to listen to his newly arrived recording.  At the same moment she becomes riveted, the students became riveted.  I showed the video over two days.  After that, students were curious about Gould and his life and work.  With the advent of the suggestion that Gould suffered from Aspberger's Syndrome (a neurological disorder with similarities to autism), some of my students were interested in learning more about people with this disability, especially their afflicted classmates. I do need to stress, both to my students and even to some adults, that this is not truly a documentary.  It is an art film.  The man playing Gould is not Gould himself, but the actor Colm Feore.  Many of the other people interviewed are truly portrayed by themselves, including Gould's piano technician, friends, and violinist Sir Yehudi Menuhin.  Even with its questionable historic accuracy, it is a wonderful introduction to the works of one of the most highly regarded musicians of the last century.
 This is a wonderful film. It has introduced me to Glenn Gould after I had been studiously avoiding him due to a purist  authentic performance  buff's dislike of Bach on the piano. Many wasted years. As to the film itself, it is not a documentary. It was never meant to be. Nor does it have a linear story line. It was never meant to have. It is a pastiche, a cinematographic collage using a theme. The theme is Gould and his relationships and we see the number of effects he had on people from a huge variety of the social spectrum. Really this is why it is like variations on a theme, and juxtaposing this to the Goldberg Variations (unique too in their own way, being the ONLY set of Variations Bach ever composed) is a masterful stroke. Judicious use of dramatic license portrays this obviously complex man in a very sympathetic light and with real cinematographic flair. The Hamburg scene so eloquently evokes Germany that I felt a momentary pang of  homesickness  (I lived there for 8 years). Masterful cinema, beautifully paced, varied and interesting. I must answer the typically america-centric view of one of the reviewers directly. There are two reasons why Yehudi Menhuin speaks French. 1)The film was made by Canadians and English is not the only language in the world, and 2)It is sonically more interesting to have a French interview at that point in the film. Far from struggling with his French I feel that Mr. Menhuin was struggling with ideas and concepts about a complex and confusing man and Mr Menhuins relationship to him. Masterful cinema....just think more about it
 Colm Feore is excellent as Glenn Gould, and there is the film.  There are some wonderful musical interludes and visual interpretations, but Feore is the film.  Now, does the film cover every aspect of Glenn Gould's life? No.  But what biographical film ever does?  I've read a couple biographies, and some entertaining facets of Gould's life were missed.  The characters he created and performed as weren't even mentioned but his wit and warmth as a human being were expounded upon by people who actually knew him--now that is valuable, seeing and hearing the people who were touched by that great pianist.
 "Gould's passion and charisma cross all boundaries plus reach out and grab one by the throat.  That quote by a reviewer sums up the sublime emotion portrayed in this film.  You can see the young Gould growing up and his passion for his music increasing exponentially throughout his relatively short life.  The movie, disjointed, fragmented and disorganized like the genius Gould, is a wonderful artistic statement of the man and his marvelous gifts to all of us.  I listen to his recording of "The French Suites with awe and profound appreciation...and think what it may have been like to be this man, trying to live such an ideal life in such an imperfect and messy world.  As an old folk lyric in the song "Vincent proclaims, "This world was not made for someone as beautiful as you.  Glenn was truly a beautiful soul.
 I've loved this film for years but it seems to be out of print on DVD and you can't find it unless you're willing to pay a million zillion bucks for it. Which I'm not. But luckily I still own a working VCR so this will do for the interim. Maybe they'll do a DVD reprint. Who knows, a guy can dream.
 This is a film you either love or are left cold by.  This film acknowledges the dictum that "talking about music is like dancing about architecture and it opts for a different approach to telling its story.  The film, Thirty two Short Films... invites you to go on a journey with it, musing and meditating about Glenn Gould, about genius, about normality, about the impossibility of being totally known by others, the universality of loneliness and the direct, immediate connection to and among disparate souls that music makes.  I have quirky taste and I love this film.  And I love, in tandem with this film, The Silence Before Bach which reminds me of Thirty Two.. in various ways in its ability to recognize when words fail and seeking images in response to the music and the life which gave rise to unique interpretations of and engagement with the music.
 I selflessly gave my beloved copy of the DVD to my son, who is a pianist and who loves this movie.  I sure do wish I could replace it.  Glenn Gould was an amazing technical pianist, and a fascinating eccentric.
 This is a great film. Well, that's the review over with! Does anybody know when this film will be reissued on DVD?
 Usually most films with biographies of famous people have mostly the same structure
 Eccentric, brilliant, paranoid, reclusive, and recording vampire of the night.  The words have often described Gould's life.  This film weaves documentary pieces, narrative, performances into a quite unusual film.
 What an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of Glen Gould. This pianist is from another planet. Classical music has never been so exciting to a rock n' roll fan.
 This sure is the best horror film I have ever watched.It's not scary-it has a twisted plot,and a chilly view from the director's eye.It doesn't feauture much violence either,but this is covered by far by the psychological pressure that the characters get from Jigsaw,and how he changes their lifes.Jigsaw is not like most cinematic killers.He's a mad person who tries to actually help people through his insanity.Through the film you'll be amazed by how good the script is written,linking so many facts from the movie into one,gasping conclusion.  When the end titles appeared,I just stayed right there,still watching,amazed by the ending.Trust me,I guess the killer most of the times in the movies,but in this one,it didn't even crossed my mind.So grand is the revealance of the killer,that it will propably give you a reason to watch it for a second time,since by knowing the killer already,you will watch the movie in a whole new experience.
 I didn't know what to expect when I went to see this movie, but I'm glad that I did.  If you like sick and twisted psychological thrillers, then you will like this movie.  There is no way you can figure out the ending.  There are so many twists and turns in this movie.  Even when the movie is over you will be asking yourself questions.  It's good, really really good.
 The first movie is the best, there is very little blood.  It's mostly a psychological thriller.  You will be shocked at the end.  The others in the series became gore fests, no real writing in them.
 First off I guess I should explain the title to me review. Well you see this was one of a very few movies that I didn't have figured out before the end. I was genuinely suprized at the end,that don't happen to me much. Thats one of the main things I liked about this movie also it has some creative ideas on the whole genre. I mean before watching this movie who would have ever thought of killing people in that manner. The acting is pretty standard for the genre so I won't comment on that any further. So if your looking for a Suspenseful Horror flick you must watch this.
 4.5 stars  It has been a very, very long time since I've walked away from a horror/suspense/serial killer film nearly pumping my fist into the air. FINALLY, my faith in American suspense has been restored. Never have I said this, but not since The Silence of the Lambs (the undisputed king of this genre) has a movie affected me as strongly - although the aforementioned film is still leaps and bounds ahead of Saw.  Comments about poor acting have been made. I don't necessarily agree. My question would be
 Now that the mask of SAW's killer has joined up with the masks of SCREAM and HALLOWEEN in our collective unconscious, it's maybe time to take an objective glance at James Wan's movie. I haven't had the time yet to see the two sequels but the original SAW is really excellent. Good actors, which is pretty rare in this kind of production, a smart screenplay that should please amateurs of whodunit and serial killers movies as well as hard-edged horror movies fans and not too many references to previous films or disguised borrowings even if the atmosphere of CUBE and SE7EN is tangible in a few scenes. In short, SAW is a movie not to be missed if you're a movie buff.  A DVD zone your library
 Saw with Cary Elwes and co-writer Leigh Whannell is so good, so creative, and so brilliant. I thought this movie was gonna be stupid but to my surprise it's probably the most strongest horror film I have seen since Scream. The camera tricks are cool and modern, the film has this great dark green color to it, as it does in the sequel Saw II (just as good as the orginial). Yes this film is gory and bloody but it works to the point where the film is not unbearable to view. Make sure you watch for all the clues, Saw is the perfect horror flick, highly recommend it!
 This 2004 movie has a very unique premise
 When this movie came out in the movie theatre's I didn't see it because of my stupid friends who told me it was boring. So I decided to wait for it on dvd and I rent it at first and it was great almost every part was great so I decided to buy it and so should you there are plenty of gory parts and puzzels for you to figure out who the killer is and By the way I won't listen to my friends again because they never know what there talking about.
 Anyone that says this was a dissapointing of stupid movie just wasn't able to keep up with it or not true fans of the genre.  This was without a doubt the best suspence movie since Seven.  It was filled with twists and turns that kept everyone guessing.  And even if you find the movie somewhat difficult to follow (which can happen if your really not into the movie or have to miss a scene) the end of the movie is WELL worth the wait!!
 This movie is awesome, but very graphic. I think the title 'Saw' does not really fit the movie. A saw does play a very large part, but the title does not really show the great quality of the movie. If the rating system could go any higher, it would be higher. 6/5 and I think I found a new favorite movie.
 Ever since this movie came out, I have heard people talking about how good it is so I finally decided to watch it! This movie really did the trick of catching my interest!   The movie starts out with Dr. Gordon and Adam waking up in a dirty old bathroom and chained to pipes in opposite corners, with a dead man holding a pistol laying in-between them! After finding tapes in there pocket and receiving instructions on how they can get out, they must unravel the clues and escape!   One of the best horror thriller movies I have ever seen I can't wait for Saw 2 to come out! I wan to play a game!
 When Saw became a hit out of nowhere in 2004 nobody expected it to become a successful franchise with numerous sequels. After all with its cheap 1.2 million budget you wouldn't think it would be possible for Saw to be the highest grossing franchise in horror history. Saw is labeled as horror but it's much more complex than that, there's a lot of psychology involved. For instance the main character John Kramer, known as Jigsaw because he removes a puzzle piece from the skin of his victims, is labeled as a serial killer but it goes deeper than that. Jigsaw chooses his victims very carefully, he selects persons because 1) they don't appreciate life or 2) they've done something really wrong. He is testing their will to live trough his "games which are traps that often necessitate the victims to lose a body part or to go to extremes. You see, Jigsaw's goal is not to kill but rather to have the survivors enjoy life; it's a therapy he made. Saw puts photographer Adam and Doctor Lawrence in a disuse industrial bathroom both with their ankle chained, I the plot is now known enough that I don't need to explain what happens next.  Saw became a phenomenon and in my opinion is one the best horror movie of the 2000s decade; it gave the horror genre a boost and inspired other movies. Whatever people may think about some of the sequels, the original one remains a great film and I think it's one of the best horror movies made.
 As someone who HATES horror movies I was very happy to find this as being much more of a psychological, though still gory, movie.  I watched this when it first came out (being dragged there by a boyfriend of course) and was very surprised by how much I enjoyed this~ The biggest reason I am such a fan of this film is because for pretty much every movie or TV show I have ever seen I am able to see/guess what is happening next, but the ending to this movie was a huge surprise to me, and that alone, in my opinion, makes this a movie worth seeing.  Definitively not your normal horror type movie.... more low key though many times at the edge of your seat, and being more psychological it really gets you thinking and guessing.  After all, the main point of this "Killer is to not kill them directly but make them kill each other/themselves, and in many ways the Killer is the true, though twisted, definition of a Vigilante since the only victims are people that were deemed unmoral, etc.  I think that people who like shows such as CSI will enjoy this movie very much, and the gore level isn't too much higher (for the most part) then the gore in those types of shows.  If you are uncomfortable about even that level of gore, or overall dislike psychological thrillers, then this movie is not for you.  I do highly recommend this movie, but all of the sequels (at least the first 2, I stopped after that... though I did see some of the 3rd) are god-awful... going back to more of the regular "horror movie type of lame and cheap scare/lots of gore.... a HUGE disappointment after seeing the first.  (as a completely random side note, I have always loved Cary Elwes, especially in "The Princess Bride so it was interesting seeing him doing a movie like this... though it was sad seeing him as a chubby middle-aged guy... but... it happens I guess, lol)
 If you haven't seen the original Saw you really should try. If you are a horror fan, and you haven't seen this, you should be smacked with a copy of this disc and shamed. Even if horror's not your thing, don't judge a book by it's cover. Yes, there are some very graphic scenes captured on film here, however the story is one of the most original. If you liked Cube and the originality and level of tone this is right up your alley. The filmmakers assembled an excellent cast that completely sell the idea. This is not the PG-13 Japanese remake after remake stuff that has over saturated the market in recent years. This is a good psychological horror film with some very graphic elements.  The Blu Ray version of this film improves upon the DVD rather dramatically. Capturing all of the beautiful yet dirty and grimey set design. The 6.1 & 5.1 audio tracks are used to their full advantage really giving this film as much mood and dimension as the cinematography. From the annoying humming of lighting fixtures to the intense score, it is probably one of the better atmospheric creations for a surround sound experience that doesn't feature the typical action fare of gun shots and explosions continuously and exhaustingly.  Lionsgate has been one of the original supporters and most reliable makers of Blu Ray discs to date. Their BR discs are consistently some of the finest available for picture and sound. I would love to see Cube 1 & 2 amongst others in the catalogue of similar nature on BR.
 I saw this movie a few years ago, and I remember it very well. This is actually a very impressive thriller. It contains lots of high tension, severe gore, and clever plot twists. The actors have done splendid jobs, and the writing is crisp and not too complex. Music is also fantastic, and the cinematography is to die for. I give this an A.
 "Saw is one of those movies that divides its viewers straight down the line in opinions. You either love it or hate it. Most people that dislike it will say because it's too gruesome and twisted for them. That's understandable, because "Saw is one of the definitive in the infamous but small, "torture horror subgenre. So that explains why people would dislike it, but what about the people that like it? Well I, for one, loved this movie, and here's why
 I really loved this movie, very intelligent and clever.  Not for the squemish.  It looks fantasic in blu ray
 This is the best of the Saw movies by a long chalk. It's gripping and twisted, with some great shocks in it and a very good hold on the viewer. It's gory & it's got some very good surprises in it, as well as setting the audience up for one surprise after another. An excellent film.  <a href="http
 From an admittedly gruesome but purely artistic viewpoint, this first Saw movie is the only 5 star and by far the best film of the series.  Sure, the premise is a bit far-fetched and unlikely, but a good movie can ask you to believe the unbelievable, if it's well made.  If movies did nothing more than reflect our everyday mundane lives, there would be no reason to escape to the theater to bury ourselves in fantasy.  But if that fantasy just so happens to include a little carnage and gratuitous violence to the point of inducing just the tiniest bit of innocent nausea, then grab a barf bag, smile and enjoy it!  I'm exaggerating now.  I'll spare the synopsis I'm sure you've seen about the two men chained to filthy bathroom pipes with a violent suicide victim between them.  Instead, I'll focus on what makes this a brilliant movie.  There is an actual premise to this movie, and an actual psychology as well.  It's difficult to imagine the main antagonist in this work, Jigsaw, could have the financial or mental (or any other necessary) resources to pull off the stunts in this movie.  But to imagine a nearly surrealistic vengeance in such an unlikely form of vigilanteism still holds a fascination for the average viewer with a typically human blood lust.  What Jigsaw does to his victims is a vengeance that we all wish at some point that we could take....and as Jigsaw says, "I never kill people, I merely gives them the means by which they either kill themselves or survive.  Of course, you should never try any of these stunts at home, kids...but there is a brutal realism, in the human emotions displayed by Jigsaw, and his victims.  His dream of 'helping people to appreciate the life that they too often take for granted' is taken too far to the extreme in this movie, and people should never go this far in real life, but in the fantasy of cinema, the sense of victimization of everyone involved is truly felt by the audience, even while watching someone inadvertantly slicing themselves open or hacking off a limb.  There is gruesome violence here.  There are blatant real emotions, self-preservation and testing of the human spirit in the extreme.  As always, this first movie opens and explains a premise, and all subsequent sequels destroy the beauty and carnage of the original...because with the explanations out of the way, parts 2-4 can focus on more special effects, violence and even less plausable violence scenarios.  This movie stands alone as a work of art...violent, bloody, grotesque art...but art none the less!  Parts 2-4 are good movies and a fun viewing experience, but this first movie keeps the human traps simple, more believable and less complex...leaving the complexities in the thin, flimsy study and testing of the fragile human spirit.  Sure, you can break a person emotionally, but if someone's going to kill him or hack off a limb, it's better to let him do it to himself!  This is a great movie!  An inspired, gruesome work of grotesque art!  Make a point to see it, but not if you have to chop off an arm or something!
 This movie is a great mind games horror movie. You have to have creativity to understand this movie. Plus it's not the same old slasher movie. I got to say slasher horror movies are old, to me this was a good change of pace. If you think this is stupid you haven't seen "The Grudge 1 & 2"!! I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars!!
 I was really surprised by this movie. I waited to see it until part 3 came out. I just had it in my head that it would be stupid, so I never gave it a chance. I'm so glad I listened to my husband! I watched all three movies in one night and I was hooked! The plot is really difficult to explain without giving anything away, so I won't. I'll just tell you if you're into thrillers, horror, or mysteries, watch SAW!
 With some of the PG-13 tripe coming out as horror nowadays, SAW is a refreshing step back into the good old days where horror meant blood, and blood meant horror.  No annoying harpies or pretty pictures of hell or tragically humanized vampires here, just an ingenious killer with an obscure motive.  SAW dives right into the depths of the madness too, opening with our killer's current victims, two men chained on opposite ends of a filthy restroom, a body in the center clutching a cassette player and a handgun.  Each man is given a tape to play, which provides him with a nice dilemma to ponder during his captivity.  The background of the killer and the events leading up to the men's current situation unfolds nicely during narrated recollections and well-placed flashbacks, while the actual motive stays hidden underneath the obvious delight the killer derives from the simple pleasures of torture.  Because SAW also brings to film an excellent `Whodunnit?', I am not going to elaborate on the storyline any further.  Suffice to say that Cary Elwes and Danny Glover give excellent performances (Elwes surprising me since I have only seen him in comedy roles), the photography is good, the killing methods tasty, the blood not really overdone but still dosed out well, and the plot sustainable.  Lets face it fans, we don't go to horror movies to learn how to do decoupage, we go to get scared and grossed out.  SAW fulfills that primal hankering, leaving you to utter `blech' and `bravo' in the same troubled breath, and wondering what your punishment would be like under the careful ministrations of this psychopath.  Aficionados of the genre are going to love SAW's mixture of gore, insanity, ingenious traps, and filth, while non-lover's of the theme should stick to `Sleepless In Seattle' and other such ilk.  SAW put the taste of terror and gore back in my mouth, something that has been lacking in some of the recent sugar-coated intruders into this bloody domain.  Enjoy!!
 SAW is a true horror classic no doubt about it.  Damn he {or she} who remakes this film...EVER.  In the world of gore-porn and endless remakes or "re-imaginations", {I have to say this ~ Rob Zombie is pathetic for "re-imagining Halloween...thanks for trashing it Rob} SAW stands alone as a film that is sick, very disturbing, scary, intense, frightful, mentally numbing, thrilling, avante garde, theatrical, spontaneous, evil, and macabre! This is a film where the villains recorded voice is as disturbing as his actions..and the villain is not even revealed until the last minute of the film...literally the final scene.  The film cannot be compared to Se7en because we see most of the torture in the film and the villain takes up more time giving his monologue than Jigsaw's "Most people are so ungrateful to be alive...but not you...not anymore.  Two men wake up in a grimy abandoned bathroom chained and unable to escape.  We see a dead man laying in the middle of the floor.  His tape recorder reveals the two men are part of a deadly "game in which only one of them will survive...if he can find the primal instinct..the "will to survive.  As the film progresses we learn about "Jigsaw who tortures his "test subjects in order to make them appreciate their lives they have apparently abused.  Jigsaw's "test subjects include
 First off let me say if you are a light hearted person this movie probably isn't for you.  The dvd itself has ok extra's.. it comes with 5 trailers and a music video. Now the movie is visually nice.  The story is pretty twisted and sick.. I am a huge horror fan but I have to say I was pretty disgusted watching this movie.. it has alot of torture scenes that will make your stomach turn and disturb your sleep if you are weak hearted. One of the things that makes this movie so disturbing is the fact that there are real life people that actually go through sort of the same chainings and torture that the charachters in the movie go through and that is very unsettling to think bout..  The acting I felt was ok.. it could have been done better.. the charachters don't show the emotion that you would expect a person to have under the cirumstances that they were in.. all in all I give this movie 5 stars because the plot is brilliant.. and the ending is soooooooooooooo unexpected that you'll find your self saying WOW once you see it.  Very .. very sick movie but a good one nevertheless.
 Okay, this was a flat out creepy movie. But, very brilliant!!!! The story is very simple and gets straight to the point. A killer named Jigsaw is bent on teaching his victims to appreciate what they have in life, the hard way!!!  Especially, two victims that are chained together in a rundown warehouse. Now, the two victims have to figure out their connection together or else. One of the victims can kiss their loved ones goodbye. Like I said, very creepy. But, good!!!!
 This movie was a real mind trip to me!  I love these kinds of movies.  I, for one really cared about the characters which made it even better.  I wanted both of them to get out alive.  With all the CG **** out there now, this movie is a real treat!  It kept me interested, and I like the way it all unfolded.
 When it comes to horror movies, most of todays fare are mediocre at best.  They seem to center around a young adult ebing tormented by some unseen assailant in a goofy halloween mask.  And by the end of the flick you wonder why you invested that much of your life watching it.  Bad effects, lousy soundtracks and terrible acting seem to be the foundation to the majority of the lot lately.  And then there is 'Saw'...  The setting is excellent.  The old bathroom that comprises most of the movie's background is straight outta my nightmares.  It has excellent acting, and the soundtrack is perfect for the style and tone of the whole movie.  The best part being the ending(no spoilers here if you haven't seen it yet)...it catches ya by surprise to the point ya have to rewind it 5 times just to see how you missed it to begin with.  I didn't want to go into detail too much for those who have not taken in this masterpiece of modern horror.  I am eagerly awaiting to see if 'Saw II' lives up to it's predecessor.  The voices in my blood say 'Yes'...
 This was recommended by my brother due to the fact he knows how I love great horror films. The storyline was very captivating and everything seems to fall into place as the storyline continues. Really not that graphic too, I like scary films but not too much gore..this had just enough to get the point across. Really creepy, I think you will like it..turn off the lights (if you dare-I couldn't), grab the popcorn and settle down for a spine tingling good time.
 Okay, so it was made on the cheap but with SAW, director James Wan shows he's got what it takes to make his mark on Hollywood.  Oh yeah, and the $18 million opening weekend on a film that only cost about one million doesn't hurt either.  With SAW it isn't the nominal stars that matter, it is the STORY.  Credit an imaginative screenplay with plenty of reversals at the end.  Now I know why the production company is called Twisted Pictures, the movie twists and twists and twists.  A lot of people have called these plot developments implausible, I prefer creative.  With the success of SAW I bet we see the return of the antagonist-who by the way when revealed is truly creepy- in SAW N-2.  Jigsaw is destined to join Freddy, Jason and Michael Meyers in franchise heaven.
 People, I agree it's not as good as Seven or Silence of the Lambs like they are comparing it to, but it is still a great film in it's own right.  I found it very interesting and it wasn't as gruesome as some are making it out to be.  At least for me anyway.  If you like thrillers than this is one you'll like.
 I just saw "SAW", the brilliant psychological horror film from director James Wan. Two men wake up in an obscure prison cell, one a doctor, the other a photographer. They are chained up, with no obvious chance to escape. They are a piece in the "Jigsaw puzzle. They are part of a brutal "killer's game, and they must find a way to win, and find out who plays the main role in their mysterious and vomit-inducing inprisonment.  "Saw succeeds on almost every level. It is gruesome, tense, and atmospherically terrifying. I cannot say enough good about this movie-you have to see it to believe it. No pathetically played-out jump scenes here. This is straight suspense, and everything you think is something IS something.  Graphically nauseating, "Saw manages to make its viewers terrified, but mostly intensely uncomfortable. Watching the Jigsaw's victims kill themself in trying to save themself is incredibly unpleasent and left me shaking. And while incredibly well-played out, I'd be lying if I said I enjoyed it.  The plot twists are numerous, and for once, they are significantly shocking. (Cellmates aren't always who they seem...) This movie is a jigsaw in itself, and Twisted Pictures development studio has left your brain wrecked, rattled, and well, twisted. You are not a viewer. You are a thread, slowly being woven around the finger of this film's makers.  For a foray into the truly terrifying and morbidly uncomforting world of film, "Saw is a must-see. "Jaws kept you out of the water? This movie will keep you out of your SKIN for a few years. Just remember, nothing is what it seems in filmmaking. And the brilliant "Saw only furthers this point. Sleep tight, and hope you wake up where you went to sleep the next morning.
 This movie scared the living daylights out of me.  The bad guy was so twisted and evil that I won't forget him for a while.  I felt the acting was quite good also.  The premise of waking up and finding yourself chained up with no memory of how you got there kind of reminded me of Cube, which is another great film if you haven't seen it.
 i go to the movies a lot. I like horror, I like suspense. but i have been disappointed a lot because a lot of stuff that comes out is the same old type of story and very predictable. when i saw this film i couldn't stop thinking about it afterwards. never has any kind of film done that to me. this is one of those films that you will either love it or hate it. if you hate it, that's fine just don't say that the people that love it are stupid. this is a good movie. the acting is good. it's not over the top, it's more real, like the way adam talks, he doesn't have all these cool one-liners, he talks like you and me and i appreciated that.
 Lawrence (Elwes) and Adam (Whannell) wake up chained to pipes in the world's filthiest bathroom.  They have little freedom of movement and cannot even come close to reaching each other.  They do not remember how they got there or know each other.  Their captor (presumably) has left them two saws, an unloaded gun, a tape recorder,  two cigarettes, and a dead body in the middle of the room.  They are victims of the Jigsaw Killer, and that same killer is holding Lawrence's wife and daughter hostage.  At the same time, an ex-cop (Glover) is hunting down the killer, bent on revenge for the murder of his partner.  "Saw is an intense, twisted movie.  It is reminiscent of "Seven in both mood and atmosphere, and leaves you with about the same feeling when it is all over.  For me, that is good, because I believe "Seven to be an excellent movie.  "Saw", however, is not at that level...but it is close.  Director James Wan ratchets up the tension with each passing moment until the final scene.  And while the explanation might not hold up as well as the the viewer might like, it was still a hell of a ride.  Elwes especially does an excellent job as a man first confused by his situation, then terrified for his family, then resolute in what needs to be done.  "Saw is a great Halloween movie, and if you are looking for a good scary movie at this time of the year, "Saw is your best bet.  Highly recommended for horror fans.
 I LOVED this film! I have always been a fan of horror and thriller films, but lets face it, most of them are good only because of the bad guy! Hannibal Lecter is one of the best villians of all time, and while Jigsaw is good he still falls short of that title. But that aside, Saw is better than The Silence of the Lambs. The ending is jaw-dropping, and I'm sorry but the acting was NOT bad. Elwes has that certain charm that Keanu Reeves has. No he is not the best actor, but the director was going for realism and if you where in that same situation, guess what, you would be acting cinematically bad also. Saw is one of those movies that sucks you in, lets you get comfortable then smacks you right between the eyes. Lets face it, a good 3rd of it is a little slow, but then it picks up and doesn't stop to let you off, you just get pushed out at 100MPH. Go see this movie, don't look at it as if you are judging for the oscars, judge it as believable, after that I just hope you don't have any heart conditions.
 FINALLY,SOMEBODY CAME UP WITH A TOTALLY DIFFERENT KIND OF HORROR MOVIE-AND IT'S EXCELLENT!FROM 2000-NOW,THIS IS THE BEST HORROR MOVIE!IT'S GORY,SUSPENSEFUL,SCARY,AND INTERESTING.IF YOU'RE INTO HORROR MOVIES-YOU HAVE TO GET THIS!THIS WHOLE HORROR MOVIE IS SOME KIND OF GAME.THIS IS A CLEVER MOVIE.I'LL DEFINITELY BUY MORE OF JAMES WAN MOVIES!
 Jigsaw, what a crazy man, so he has an illness, okay so now everybody has to pay, espically the people who don't value thier lives or thier famliy, how messed up is that. Well it is twisted. this movie has an original story to it. its not like those other serial killer films. This movie rocks. and to top it all of it has the best and most suprising ending to it unlike most horror films. this movie is awesome.
 The best psychological thriller I have seen, this movie will leave you in shock by the end. Smart and cleverly written by Aussie's Leigh Wannell and James Wan, and directed by the latter, this movie breaks down all the boundaries of on screen violence. Starring Wannell himself, his character Adam wakes in a bathtub in a room with no lights. He calls out for help and hears a strangers voice, the lights come on revealing the two chained and shackled in a grimy, abandoned, windowless industrial bathroom. And so the game begins... The two prisoners are victims of serial killer Jigsaw, well he really isn't a serial killer as we find out. He puts his victims through a dangerous game to test their will to live, and its up to the victim if they live of die.  This movie is one hell of a rollercoaster ride which will appeal to fans of both horror and psychological thrillers. It was voted one of the most scary films of all time, and while I didn't find it too scary, its the reality that these crimes could happen to anyone that is most frightening.  Filmed in only 18 days, most of it filmed in a warehouse, this is quality filmaking by a young up-and-comer. Many studios knocked this back which they surely must regret as it went on to gross over 55 million dollars.  Buy it if you liked Seven, Kiss The Girls, The Bone Collector and Red Dragon.
 Jigsaw is a diabolical and ingenious menace.  He is not a serial killer per se, but someone who puts people in situations where they kill themselves and others.  Each victim finds themselves in tense situation where they have to make hard decisions regarding what they will do to go on living.  The main story concerns two individuals who awaken in an abandoned bathroom chained and confused.  In the middle of the room is a dead body in a spreading pool of blood.  There is a gun and a tape player, both out of reach.  But each of the two men have found a cassette with the words Play Me on them.  The to men discover the game they are part of.  If successful, one of them will be dead.  If not, certain loved ones will die instead.  There are rules to be followed.  As the two become more and more desperate, we learn more about them and the evil mind that has put them in this situation.  Although the two are the center of the story, we also get tied up with several other victims and the police investigation.  The action get more and more tense as the time limit is almost reached.  In the end the story delivers with a series of twists at the end that just leave you stunned.  A very good film.  This two-disk edition has some interesting features including the original short film that was expanded into the current film.  I have to say that it was a pleasure to see an intelligent horror film again (they are so rare).  I hope the sequel is just as intelligent.  The acting, action, and settings were top notch.  Several moments made me jump (also a rare thing).  As the credits began to roll and all of the twists sank in fully, all I could think was, "Neat!  If you like your horror raw and intelligent then this is one for you.  If you just want a mindless killer like Jason, then this will not fit the bill.  Check it out.
 well i am not much for words but i love hte uncut version of SAW better than the origianl cut of SAW you saw in the movie theaters.Plus it had more extra features to know what was what and its just plain good.Like i said i am not much for words but you should buy it if you love the SAW movies.
 Solid film, very clever, I was pleasantly surprised.  But by know I'm guessing most everyone has at least heard of this film and its plaudits, so I'll skip to what I did come here to make everyone aware of.  For this particular DVD, be careful with the special little liquid cover thing.  Mine ended up leaking somehow and ended up ruining both disks and covering the entire thing.  Hopefully this is not typical, because I do like the film very much and would like to still own it especially if it can be this version...but just in case everyone ought to be cautious with this particular copy just in case.
 I avoided this film for so long until a friend loaned it to me. I watched it last nite and I was quite impressed. To compare this to "Se7en is absurd; there's little or no comparison. Director James Wan's youthful zeal and excitement is beautifully executed, but nothing can compare to David Fincher's meticulous style.I was expecting another stupid slasher flick, and was pleasantly surprised to be presented with quite an original narrative that had me fascinated. I did NOT guess the ending, though I tried, because it was so well written and edited. The acting wasn't very good, though not totally unbelievable. After all, hysterical is an emotion that's hard to sustain for 98 minutes if you're an actor. James Wan's focus may not have been as precise as he'd wished, but I look forward to his next project. The extras on the DVD are minimal, but Mr. Wan's enthusiasm on a short extra impressed me. I enjoyed it and was entertained a lot.
 I first saw this movie in the theaters and new then i was going to buy it. I bought this uncut version with special features and it does not dissapiont. It shows how saw came to be and how it was made and a look into the movie you wouldn't get with just watching it, it makes you appreciate the movie more. i recommend to all old enough to enjoy this!
 This is by far the scarriest and most intense horror film that I've ever seen in my whole life. It's creepy and will have your skin crawling all over. It's also very gory and not for the faint of heart. It's also better than the second one, which although still good was a big let down. Watch this if you love horror films and have a tolerance for gore and violence.
 I was impressed with the remake of Texas Chainsaw Massacre back in 2003...  That's about it.  It just seems that no matter how hard they try, movie execs can't seem to release a decent horror film, something gritty and disturbing and downright horrifying.  They just can't do it.  And then there was Saw.  This movie is amazing in the fact that it breaks down to a simple formula of twists and thrills, bypasses the special effects and CGI crap that pollutes too many scary movies these days and focuses on something that could take place, something that could really happen versus the faux thrills expidited by cheap ghost storys and sci-fi.  This is the type of movie that will leave you disturbed long after you watch it.  You'll think about it a week, two weeks, a month later while you lay awake and wonder if there really is a man that sick and twisted...  Yes...  He is out there...  So by now EVERYONE knows the premise.  Two men wake up in a nasty restroom chained to oposite ends and theres a dead man in the center of the room.  They both have choices to make, clues to unravel in order to make it out alive.  That's all I'm going to tell you...  Trust me, if you haven't seen Saw by now you need to watch this movie.  It is truly an origional film with genuine scares and real backbone.  Not for the faint of heart, but for the horror fan in us all, the fan whos getting increasingly preturbed with the lack of scares and the redundancy in recent horror instalments...this is for you my friends...  Relish in it.  It won't come again.  Not for a long time...  (Actually, Saw II is even better...but I didn't see that coming!)
 Really great film all a round. Easily one of my favorites of last year. Totally original, totally creepy. Saw definitely delivers on all the horror/suspense levels... Maybe a few twists too many(?), but still easy to follow and still an excellent film.
 THIS MOVIE IS VERY ENTERTAINING, FOR A RECENT TIME GE WE AREIN NOW, ANY MOVIE THAT MAKES U THINK, AND HAS THIS MUCH CREATIVITY IS A MUST SEE, U WILL APPRECIATE UR LIFE, RESPECT U LIFE,NOT WANT TO DO DRUGS OR ANYTHINGELSE THAT MAY SEEM WASTEFUL, I GOT IT TOTALLY!! CONSIDER WHAT IS GOING ON AND PLACE URSELF IN THE FEAR OF THE CHARATERS, IF IT WERE U,WHAT WOULD U DO?? SUPERB A MUST SEE. GET IT ON AMAZON NOW!!
 I absolutely adore scary movies.  I had many people advising me that this movie was terrifying ... well, not really.  I did not find this movie that scary, but more of a definite mind game.  I enjoy the psychological thriller that keeps you guessing until the absolute end.  Just when you think you have it all figured out ... you find you were completely wrong!!  The plot revolves around two men who end up being trapped together by an unconventional serial killer.  Without giving too much away, he is unconventional in that he does not do the killing with his own hands.  To him, death is a choice his victims make on their own.  The puzzle slowly pieces itself together and all of a sudden, you know who is behind the killing ... well, you think you do.  The ending is definitely not what you expect and it leaves you wanting more.  You will be kept guessing until the absolute very last moment.  I have not come away so energized after a movie in such a long time as I did with this.  If you enjoy a psychological thrill ride, you will enjoy this.  Just an aside ... I loved Cary Elwes in this movie.  A definite difference from Princess Bride!!
 This unbelievable psychological thriller is one I won't soon forget. From the opening scene to the disturbing conclusion, I was completely engrossed. Beware though, if you have a weak stomach you may not want to watch this film. I personally have a love for movies of this sort and for me, the "gross scenes are part of the ride! As I watched this movie my mind went in many directions trying to figure out who was responsible for the repulsive scenarios. But I was truly stunned when the villain was finally revealed. Utlimately, the thing I enjoyed most about SAW was the fact that the person responsible for the deaths was not even really a killer...he did'nt really kill anyone. He only set up scenarios where people would die trying to live! Disturbing, but D*mn good!!!
 This is going to be quite a short review.  Why you may ask?  Well this film is based a lot on the mysteries surrounding it.  If i say too much, the mysteries are already solved.  So im going to attempt to say as little aobut this movie as possible.  Anything that i think might be damaging to your enjoyment of the movie is marked with the regular ###s  This film messes with your mind.  A few times i had to think a bit "Okay is this in the present?  The past?  It switches times and places on you without much warning.  However even with the sometimes rushed feeling of the film, it still wasnt quick enough.  The more you learn the more you want to learn.  There came a point when i was highly impatient and couldnt stand the thought that the movie had as much time left as it did.  Everything that went on was interesting to me and compeled me to continue watching just to see how things turned out.  Sometimes i have a tendency to pause the movie to get up and get something to eat or drink or whatever.  But that didnt happen once this movie started!  I HAD to know what was happening so there was no way i was pausing anything!  The last twenty minutes or so (possibly half an hour?) are VERY intense.  I found myself wringing my hands more than once.  The gore factor is there, but not overstressed.  In fact reading the trivia on Internet Movie Database it says they took out some of the more gross scenes to get their rating down to an 'R' from a 'NC17'.  It also says that they used some of the reharsal takes for the movie.  Must be why Cary Elwes sometimes annoys me.  ###The mystery is actually quite simple.  But its SO simple that it ends up being quite complex.  You overthink yourself and what might be going on.  And ive probably already said more than i should.###  Bottom line, DONT let anyone ruin this for you!  If you havent seen it, go out and get it NOW!
 With a serial killer on the loose, two men awake to find themselves trapped within a decomposing bathroom, chained to the walls, together they are forced to find out who and why this is happening to them. This movie is disturbing, graphic, and mezmerizing and will have you sitting on the edge of your seats in disgust, horror, and pure enjoyment. This movie brings horror to a new level, and the thrills and chills are so constant you might have to pause the movie to let it all sink in.The gore in this movie is grisly and disturbing and sometimes extremely hard to watch - so watch at your own risk - but this movie will chill you to the bone, and will make you think twice about ever doing something that is considered "not acceptable in today's society.
 This is one of the most original movies I've ever seen and since it ranks as one of my favorite movies, I decided to let others know.  I'm a big fan of horror/thrillers and I really enjoyed this movie.  I won't tell you any details because I think it's better to not know almost everything that happens, like some reviewers write.  I'm not saying there's something wrong with people doing that, but I'd rather just give my opinion and of course not everyone will agree with it.  I would recommend watching this if you're into suspense thrillers.  There's alot of gore in it, so if you're not into that, I'd stay away from it.  lol  I hope you like it as much as I did and let me know if this was helpful!
 I SAW THIS MOVIE WHILE OVERSEAS(DIRECTORS CUT) ITWAS SO GOOD TO FINALLY SEE A HORROR MOVIE THAT KEEPS YOUR ATTENTION AND MAKES YOU FEEL THE FRUSTRATION OF ALL THE CHARACTERS INVOLVED. BRAVO TO THE WRITERS FOR THERE EXPERT WRITING AND DIRECTION OF THIS MOVIE. YOU ARE WONDERING ALL THE WAY TO THE END.
 i saw this movie as soon as it came out and it was worth every penny i paid to see it. this is definitly one of the best suspense/horror films i have seen in a long time. i have not felt fear like this since watching horror flicks as a child. this is a great movie and i recommend for everyone to watch it, put it on for your friends,invite your family.this movie is definitly going down in history as one of the best thought out films ever. the gore is beautifully done. horror and gore fans this is really THE ONE to see!!!!!!!!!!!!a must have for any horror fans dvd collection.
 I am a absolute hardcore fan of horror movies, and I have seen most of them, from 28 days later to The Ring to House of 1000 Corpses to The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. But, of all of the horror movies I have ever seen, Saw has to be the best piece of work ever created. Lions Gate Films has a knack for horror movie (as they have produce many, like House of 1000 corpses), and they have landed another great one with Saw. I would strongly reccomend to any fan of horror movies to see and buy this. It is extremely well made and everything about it is flawless.  To start off, Saw has to be the most intriguing story of any movie ever made. It is about two guys, who wake up in a gritty kind of bathroom, eack chained to a thick pipe. In the middle of the room is a dead man, with a revolver and tape recorder in his hands. The story unfolds to be one about a psychotic killer called the Jigsaw killer, who stalks people and puts them in bizzare situations, and they must do something gruesome to remain alive. An Example is a man who wakes up in a small room, covered in a gel, with only a candle, safe, and tape recorder in the room with him. On the tape is the Killer saying how he injected a slow acting poison in his system, and the antidote is in the locked safe. The combination is written on the wall, but there are literally thousands of numbers on the wall. There is a candle in the dark room, but he learns that the gel on his body is highly flamable, so he must be careful. I will not give away if he makes it out because it would spoil part of the movie. Also, at the end, there is what has to be the most shocking twist EVER MADE in a movie. It left my jaw dropped for about 20 minutes after the movie ended. The story is simply a work of pure genius.  The acting in the movie is so-so, but it is acceptable. What is kind of cool is that the co-producer actually aacted in the movie. He plays Adam, one of the guys loked in the room. one of the only well known actors in this movie is Danny Glover.  This movie is definetly one for the older crowd, because of extremely graphic violence and torture situations. The language is not very bad, with only a few F-words thrown in to make it sound a bit more jazzed up. The scare factor is also high, especially for younger viewers, because the stuff in this movie is the stuff nightmares are made out of. I even jumped, even after seeing a lot of other horror movies (i never was scared before), and this movie left me walking out of the theatre extremely disturbed, yet very satisfied about witnessing pure genius at work.  Overall, Saw is definetly the best movie I have ever seen, and I will buy it the day it comes out. I hope Febuary 15 will come sooner. Definetly a must see, must buy, and overall just a movie you cannot miss.
 OK, so when I went to the theater to see this one I was thinking "another lame 'Ring' or 'THe Others I was very,very wrong.    This movie is one of the creepiest and screwed up movies I have seen in a long time. A long time being since I've seen House of 1000 Corspes (a classic). Anyways, I must say that if you missed it in theaters, don't smack yourself in the face too much- watch the DVD. Why? Have you ever wanted to see some fat guy tunnel his way through a tangle of razor wire? You'll see it here. There's also many other crazy ways that people get killed-and there's a toy clown that actually MAKES the movie. Watch this, you'll love it!!
 When I "SAW this movie I knew there would be an sequel. If they can top this, the "SAW will go down in history has the thinking man's movie.
 Every now and then a horror movie emerges from the underground, made by a fine bunch of young people, who all share a genuin enthusiasm for the genre in general and for some new hot ideas in particular.  In the early eighties a young Sam Raimi messed around in the woods with some friends, a camera and a handful of nasty demons. The result
 Two men, Leigh Whannell and James Wan, obviously had a lot of time on their hands when creating the now breakthrough film that redefined what Horror really is; "Saw".  The story goes about when two strangers find themselves trapped in a mysterious room chained from the leg to the wall.  Now, for a plot as simple as that, the creativity has room to grow and even to pulsate with ingenious gimmicks and clever plot twists.  What I really enjoyed about this movie is the fact that it started out dark and began to open up more, almost like it was giving birth to the new creative side of franchise horror, introducing you to the new baddie that will take the place of Freddie Kruger, Jason Vorhees, and the Seven Killer. In fact, one would say that the tone of the movie has a slighly "Se7enish feel.  The good part is that that doesn't take away from the excitement or the suspense. Along the way, the film educates you on the one holding them hostage and his method of killing. The Killer, apparently called Jigsaw, wants the victim's to figure out the puzzles of the death game that he has created. There are several ways to escape but all of them are either preconceived or pre-thout out ahead of time in where the chances of survival and escaping are both on a very jagged plane.  I'd say that this movie finally captures what every other director was trying to do with modern day Horror. I'll go one step further and say that this movie Re-invented the Horror franchise. And, for a first try, debut film, these two filmakers really raise the bar higher than ever anticipated.  I highly reccomend this film if you are a hardcore horror/thriller fan but also want the thinking that goes along with it, as with the Movie Seven.  I saw this movie when it first came out around Halloween and let me tell you that this Franchise did something Newer, Bolder, and that they have invented a new Franchise for the Horror fans in need. You ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO WATCH THIS FILM!!!  IT'S GREAT!!!!  I GIVE IT TEN STARS!!!!!!
 Very enjoyable, and I did not find it mean spirited.  Imaginative, unpredictable, and I DID NOT figure it out or see the end coming.
 for the people who gave one star for this movie
 this was  a very original film. it has clever traps, good acting, and a genius plot twist. watch it, savor it, cause this is original as they get. not to say that i don't like the sequels though, i like them all, save the fourth one. but this one is ORIGINAL.
 WOW! If you think the trailers were good, this film is fantastic. There were several times I jumped during the movie. This is a true modern day thrill ride, and edge of your seat experience that will leave you watching you back for weeks to come!
 Don't verbally abuse this film because it outsmarted you and you actually DIDN'T see the twist at the end coming from a mile off.  This was wonderfully original (with the one esception of Se7en, which also was wonderfully original, and therefore makes this one wonderfully original as wee) The acting wasn't bad, and the score was excellent (thanks to the brilliance of NIN's Charlie Clouser) and the "reverse beartrap", while over-theatrical in appearance, is something I would like to see happen to someone... But thats beside the point.  All in all, it was a pretty good movie, at least spend the $3 to rebt it.
 After consecutively watching the entire Saw series over a recent weekend (and LOVING it), I decided that a single review with modified details could be used for all the films.  Enjoy.  A sadistic sociopath, similar to the one in Se7en, with an affinity for engineering, likes to play lethal games, forcing his victims - those he deems unappreciative of life - into an existential choice inside a million dollars worth of engineering and machinery.  Saw ONE begins with THREE people trapped in an abandoned BATHROOM.  Forced to play the killer's (Tobin Bell as John "Jigsaw Kramer) game, ADAM STANHEIGHT (Leigh Whannell) and DR. LAWRENCE GORDON (Cary Elwes) have to prove their will to live, and their ability to COOPERATE.  Meanwhile, DET. ALLISON KERRY (Dina Meyer), DET. STEVEN SING (Len Leung), and rugged veteran DAVID TAPP (Danny Glover) are investigating as a team, but DAVID TAPP may be in too deep.  As the law grows increasingly closer to ensnaring Jigsaw, the game participants learn that ADAM may be an accomplice to their abduction, and their situation provides a choice between a SAW AND A LEG or guaranteed death.  To help their cause, cryptic clues left via mini cassette tape lead the captives (aka life's perpetrators) towards the precipice of twisted rehabilitation or a potential tomb.  Several previous murderous contraptions like the RAZOR WIRE MAZE (for a CUTTER), and the NAPALM/POISON/GLASS ROOM (for a HYPOCHONDRIAC) provide horror fodder in the form of viscera and blood spatter, while other traps - like the REVERSE BEAR TRAP - are inserted for the same reason Spock and Kirk always took ensign Jones on away parties (someone in the situation needs to die horribly).  Climax and cliffhanger are in quick succession, flashbacks provide necessary details, the viewer learns more about JIGSAW'S MIND, and on to Saw II.  Jason Elin
 Wow!  Very few times I get suprised, especially in the horror genre.  Then out of nowhere comes a movie that leaves me breathless.  Intense, gory, thrilling, and complex.  This film has it all.  It is like "Se7en meets "Hannibal.  This movie is twisted, even sick at times.  Just when I thought I knew whats going on, bam!  A new twist.  The ending is top notch.  Not what I was expecting at all.  Well worth seeing twice, to see if you can pick up clues that were missed the first time.  I see a sequel is in the future, hell this could be a new franchise.  Move over Freddy, Chucky and Jason.  There's a new killer in town, and he's smart.  A highly charged thriller well worth the time.
 Simply put, Saw is the best horror movie I've seen in years.  I know some people don't seem to like it, but this horror fan is just wallowing in the bloody effectiveness of this extremely dark, intelligent, gory masterpiece of a film.  It's such a thrill to see something certifiably different make its way to movie screens; these days, Hollywood horror filmmakers have gotten so lazy that they can't even make sequels of films - instead, they just remake old horror films that don't need remaking.  Frankly, I'm a little tired of watching teenagers get slashed up in the woods by rednecks and inbred mutants.  I want something new, something fresh, something bold, something ruthless in its execution, something that engages my intellect while assaulting my senses.  Saw fits the bill perfectly.  As Saw moves toward its gory denouement, it unleashes a number of great surprises, and the ending is well-nigh perfect - I certainly didn't see it coming.  You may think you know what is going on, but I'll wager that you'll be mistaken.  Best of all, there's no deus ex machina plot device to ruin everything - i.e., as surprising as the final revelations are, everything comes together in a heartbeat to make perfect sense.  I really can't say enough about the script put together by Leigh Wannell and James Wan - it's bloody brilliant.  I love this movie.  The Bad Man in Saw is downright sadistic; rather than merely hunt his victims down and kill them himself, he creates elaborate "games that lead to painful deaths brought about by the participants themselves.  He chooses his victims carefully, selecting only those who are guilty of some "crime or indiscretion that he feels should no longer go unpunished (and when one former victim won the game, he did in fact let her go - and in one twisted sense, she was better off as a result of having played the game).  The particular game at the centerpiece of the film (which is actually rather mundane compared to some of the killer's previous ones) pits two men together in a filthy underground room and challenges one player to kill the other within a certain time limit if he wants to keep his wife and daughter alive.  That would be Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes); his partner in torturous suffering is a young fellow named Adam (Leigh Wannell).  Both of them wake up in this room without knowing where they are or how they got there.  Our imaginative dark lord of sadism provides the two with some hidden clues and "tools that do much to keep things really interesting.  Did I mention both men are chained to pipes on opposite sides of the room, and that there's a bloody dead guy lying in the middle of the floor?  Oh, how I wish I could tell you more about what happens, but I wouldn't dare deprive any Saw virgins out there from truly enjoying this magnificent film.  I must admit that I expected to see nothing but gore in this movie - mindless, bloody gore.  Certainly, there's gore all over the place, but this is the exact opposite of a mindless thriller.  Yet again, a small-budget film has far surpassed the best horror films Hollywood has to offer, proving once more that a strong and intelligent plot, not gore in and of itself, is the secret for succeeding in this darkest of genres.  Saw is truly a horror film for the ages, the first true horror masterpiece of the 21st century.
 AND ONCE AGAIN DO NOT LISTEN TO THE CHEAP SCARE HORROR FANS WHO DO NOT LIKE TO USE THEIR BRAINS TO THINK! DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE POOR REVIEWS! THIS IS A GREAT SCARY MOVIE! A CRAZED KILLER CAPTURES PEOPLE AND TRIES TO FORCE THEM TO KILL ONE ANOTHER! I WOULD COMPARE THIS TO SILENCE OF THE LAMBS AND SEVEN! THE ACTING IS INCREDIBLE, AND THE STORY IS VERY ORIGINAL AS WELL! THIS IS ANOTHER FANGO SEAL OF APPROVAL FROM THE NUMBER ONE HORROR MAG, FANGORIA! THIS IS ANOTHER CLASSIC FOR THE ART HOUSE HORROR FANS! FOR THE REST OF YOU THRILLED BY CHEAP SCARES AND WOODEN CHARACTERS, I HEAR VAN HELSING CALLING YOU! FIVE STARS FOR SAW! GIVE IT THE BIG TEN STARS IF I COULD! DON'T LISTEN TO THE SCREAM FANS! IF YOU LIKE REAL GROWN UP DISTURBING HORROR MOVIES, THEN SAW IS DEFINITLY WORTH SEEING!
 who cares it got 48% in rottentomatoes?  great film  good story line  you will never find out what happen in the end  but If you watch this film again  it might not be entertainment as first time  but you might find some interesting scene
 Two men are chained up in the bathroom of a filthy abandoned building. They don't know where they are or why, but they do know that one of them has to kill the other in order to live. As their ordeal progresses, secrets leak out, tying the men to one another, and to the man known as the Jigsaw Killer, who punishes those who are insensitive to others, who prey on their weaknesses. A haunting thriler with many twists and turns, as well as a rich character study about the nature of sin, redemption, voyeurism and the inhumanity that we all are guilty of just by going through our everyday lives mindlessly.
 Very rarely do horror movie franchises work. Usually the original film is well-written and scary, but most Hollywood producers make sequels to make money with mediocre scripts and untalented actresses juggling their upper portions of their bodies to be discovered. However, the "Saw series of films are all freightening, hair-raiing, fast paced, involving, and, blood-curdling. The plot is simple
 Well, for starters I can say it is one of the best franchises ever, not only because the "killer has a real good motive for "killing people, and it isn't like most of the genres were the killer is "just insane and does it just for "fun"...also, no matter how well you think you have figured out the genre you will have a lot of surprises in all the movies of SAW, for me its simply one of the best movies ever and if you have a chance to see the other ones you wont get disappointed, but I have to say that they are more of the "gore genre than the scary genre... never the less still a great movie franchise. I highly recommend them.
 This is a superb horror film. Spawning multiple sequels, the original is still the best. Horror films are often over looked by award givers in part to the genre in general- most "award films are more drama films. This isn't some European horror trip leaving you confused, and searching for the meaning to the film. And it isn't the squirting blood fest that many "horror films are. This is a well thought out film- relying on plot and acting, rather than CGI or over the top gore. Excellent film- rent it first if you like, but buy it too. Five stars all the way. -If you like Se7en, Hostel, Jaws, or Zodiac, check this film out.
 All I have to say going to say, is it was the first film to make me cringe in a long while, from something other then wondering whos' rear hollywood has it's head stuck in. Gory it's true but with a method to the madness, and  a twisting plaot that only a fewe have mentioned they figured out before the film had finnished. I loved it.
 Definitely one of the smartest and best thriller in history. This movie proves that a good story and good script is far more important than a good budget (only $1 million). All the suspense, gruesome, witty elements are in the highest standard in movie standard. Truly a must for not-so-easily-fainted.
 Somewhere in a dirty and uncleaned bathroom, two men named Dr. Gordon (Cary Elwes) and Adam (Leigh Whannel) are trapped as a cold-blooded maniac named Jigsaw whom captures his victims and makes them do deadly games involving life and death in order to survive. However, Dr. Gordon's family is in danger as he must do as he's told by Jigsaw to play a sadistic game of survival or else they die.  Dark, gruesome, violent and smart psychological horror crime thriller with excellent acting especially by Danny Glover, Monica Porter, Michael Emerson and others. The direction by James Wan is very good as well as the script he wrote which is quite well written, this movie is an edge of your seat thrill ride that isn't for the faint of heart but for those brave enough to enjoy this movie. There's plenty of twists and turns throughout this movie that includes one scary looking puppet that the killer uses to terrorize his victims, there's also a nice twist at the end of this movie.  This 2-Disc Uncut Unrated Special Edition has good picture and quality sound with the movie being shown in it's unrated version with footage that was trimmed down to avoid an "NC-17 rating. The extras include two audio commentaries, the original shortfilm "Saw that inspired this movie, behind the scenes featurette, alternate storyboard sequence, and more. If your into psychological thrillers or horror movies then add this to your DVD collection right now!  Also recommended
 I think this movie is very interesting in two ways.  Firstly, every one of us can be the victim of the "jigsaw". The characters in this movie were captured by the "jigsaw because of the mistakes which they committed in the past.?Everybody makes mistakes and tend to dismiss the importance of one's precious life.  Secondly, everyone can be the "jigsaw". Violence depicted on this film makes us feel very badly, but sometimes you find yourself being in empathy with the violent character.  This movie is very violent and aggressive, but it makes us think about the importance of life.
 I love this movie. It messed me up just as bad if not worse than the first Saw! I wasn't expecting what I saw in it.
 Saw is a must see for any fan of horror movies. I've been hard-pressed to find a truly horrifying horror movie over the last few years, and finally they give us Saw. It was worth the wait. It's mentally thrilling as well as full of gore, particularly if you get the uncut version, which I wish I'd waited for but I'm just too impatient. The uncut version has a cooler cover but it also has more gore to it. After viewing the uncut version (which my best friend has) it was easy to see why they cut some of those scenes to make it more movie-friendly for those who are too squeamish. You'll have a lot of fun trying to figure out the game in this movie, and when the ending comes you'll be quite surprised. At least I was. I made my best friend check all my closets after this one, but if I told you why it would give away the ending. Not just recommended...mandatory for horror fans everywhere.
 Somewhere between sheer fear and repulsive gore lies this movie racing against few others for the best horror film of 2004. If for some reason you haven't seen this movie, do yourself a favor and watch it.  The premise is simple
 This is one of the most original ideas of seen in any movie recently. A killer who teaches his victims the value of life through his sick and deadly games. I was intrigued with the ways the "Jigsaw Killer was killing his victims. The ending surprised me greatly. My only complaint is that there's a lot of dialogue but though all that to see the violent scenes makes it worth your while.
 When I was watching the movie I figured that it was like the rest of them until the ending came about. Putting yourself in the victims place is the freakiest thing. Its a definite worth watching as long as blood and gorey scenes do not bother you. The film is more of a pyschological thriller vs a horror movie. It is very similar to the movie SEVEN with brad pitt.
 This move is really good. I thouhgt it was funnier than it was scary, but that's just my opinion. If you like gore and demented plot lines, this movie is for you. With one of the most (if not THE most) unpredictable endings, Saw is an excellent film... I don't want to give away any hints (this movie would definitely be best if you knew as little about it as possible), so I suggest seeing it yourself. My only complaint is the acting could have been better, but it's not bad enough to make it a bad movie.
 There are so Many Thriller Movies out there today that it is hard to Distinguish One From Another! This is Not the case with SAW!FINALLY a Thriller that Really DELIVERS! Many People have Compared this Film To Seven. While I agree with that Assessment, I feel that Saw takes it up a notch and is even better than Seven.One Of The Strongest Points in this Film is that it isnt a Star Driven Movie, the biggest names in this Film are Danny Glover and Cary Elwes but the main Star of the Film is The Excellent Screenplay and the Mood that the Director sets. This Film is a Roller Coaster Ride From Start To Finish and the ending will Blow You Away, Trust Me, You Will NOT have Seen this Ending Coming. I dont want to go into details about the film because I dont want to give anything away but this Film is Well Worth Seeing! One Of The Best Thriller Films in years!
 Two words come to mind after watching this movie
 Where this movie lacks in acting, it's totally made up with the plot and action.  The ideas that were put into this movie can only be thought up by a mad man, yet I believe he deserves an award.  This is not a 'jump out of your seat' scary movie, but more of a 'put the popcorn down because of an upset stomach' movie.  Yank this off the shelf a.s.a.p.
 The movie overall is fabulous due to the plot and how the all the main characters are inter connected and how lawrence and adam continue decieving one another as the movie progresses. Although, you dont see any one in the act of getting stabbed when ever friday the 13th has that, but in this movie blood just squirts up and its the same ways when lawrence saws off his leg. So if you only like horror for blood and gore id reccomend the uncut version or another movie, but if you're like me then you can like a movie simply for its plot and characters
 I can't believe they have this movie now on dvd and the best part is its even UNRATED which is cool, I saw this in the theatre but with an R arting, so this is just really totally awesome. I just don't have a lot to say about this movie because I want you to watch it instead, this movie is not for the weak stomach and squemish viewers, one of the best horror/gore movie of the year that I have ever seen, low budget films are often the ones that are awesome like this movie, or "High Tension "Wrong Turn etc..  For those who rated this movie a 1 star, don't believe them, I wonder why they watch this movie if they are into a Love Story genre movies, duh!  Go for it, buy this dvd.
 I went to see this movie by myself. I am a girl, who loves scarey movies, and I dont scare easily. I was sitting alone drinking a large mountain dew, yelling, OMG, NO!, OMG several times. There are also a few jumping moments in the movie.  The last 45 min I had to go to the bathroom SO bad but I couldnt leave my seat. This movie has gotten bad reviews by the 'critics' but thats typical with horror movies. It is a great story, lots of suprises, some things you just cant believe! As soon as it ended, I couldnt wait to go see it again!! I hate predictable movies, and I thought I had this one figured out three different times, and in the end none of my guesses were right. Great movie, great story, recommended it to everyone I know.
 I bought this movie not thinking it would be very good, but I think this was the first movie I have ever watched a second time right after watching it for the first time, I was loving it the whole way through ,and just when you think it can't get any better , THE ENDING comes out of nowhere, Never SAW that coming ,some people can usually predict the ending on some movies ,but I don't think anyone could have possibly seen this coming. This is one of the BEST movies i've ever seen.
 Starring a capable star cast in Cary Elwes (Princess Bride, Glory), Danny Glover (Lethal Weapons) and Leigh Whannell (Matrix Reloaded). If you have not heard about how SAW has change how future murder movies will be made in Hollywood, then you have not seen this movie. This is not your typical senseless dumb killings that litter so many movies in yore past. It's killing that makes you think and go 'oooohhhh i see'. Like how far would you go when survival is at stake ...something you normally do regularly is raised to another level involving your very dear life....would you...could you?  The protagonist stunning protrayal of emotion is shown here to the max which is as real as it gets my friends. The big question i have here to all the fans who seen SAW is this
 Saw, starring Leigh Whannell, Danny Glover, and Cary Elwes is an intense roller coaster with twists and turns and hairpin curves. Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) wake up, each chained by the leg to a pipe in a filthy old utility room, prisoners of a criminal called Jigsaw who plays with the minds of his victims by devising tortuous games forcing them to choose between the lesser of two evils in order to live.  The movie transcends beyond a classic horror/slasher flick to become a psychological suspense thriller. Just when you think you've got it figured out, the movie throws another curve ball at you and turns all your suppositions upside down. It's a terrific movie that will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat!
 SAW really brings back the true HORROR in horror movies. This is not some *teen comedic-slasher* movie that seems to jhust mock horror. This is a real good bloody, gruesome story that could frighten anyone. With that being said, yes, it does have a big CSI influence on it, but still, it is a horror film. Anyways i really like this movie..one of my favorites
 "SAW", Is one of the smartest, most  intellegant and well thought out films  of the modern day (American) horror  genre, like most american horror films  at this point in time it loads up on  the blood & guts BUT, what alot of  people dont pay any attiontion to is  that their is a much more deeper  meaning than the basic blah, blah,  villian cuts a little hear, maybe a  little their yada,yada so on and so  forth. "SAW takes you on a wild and  brutally insane roller coaster extra-  vaganza that will keep you wondering  from beginning to end ... not to  mention a .... KILLER ending...  Grade
 This movie is a pathetic attempt to create a so called "Psychological Thriller without giving the motivations and in depth character analysis of the people involved. All you have left is two guys chained up in a grimy public restroom talking ad infinitium and ad nauseaum about every little detail they can think of. This movie is suppoed to have a "Twist In The Tale 'accordingthe the blurb on the DVD cover but I saw (no pun intended) it coming a mile off.I give this movie 5 stars because they must have paid Danny Glover a lot of money to once again play "Action Man Super Cop This movie is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Yeah the acting wasn't very good.  Other than that it was great.  The ending was definitley surprising and I loved it.  I can't wait until the sequel.  The first was great and from what I've seen of the second it will be no less.  October 28 can't come sooner.  If you haven't seen this then go rent it or buy this new edition.
 I love SAW! I mean, it had a micro-budget and just over two weeks shooting time! How many recent "horror movies have come and gone, costing zillions of dollars and taking months to complete, only to stink up our theaters? I like it when unknown directors come along and give us movies that ignore the hollywood formula of $$$ + HYPE - ORIGINALITY = $$$$$$ (like
 This is a great movie from beginning to end with a sursprise ending, but don't ask me what it is go out and buy it.
 This was probably one of the coolest most messed up movies I have EVER seen!  It starts out with two guys left chained up in what looks like an old bathroom. There's a man with a gun and a tape recorder in the middle of the room, who appeared to be shot in the head.  In order for the kidnapper to let them go, one of them has to kill the other one, and if he wants to live, he has to survive from trying to be killed.  I don't want to give the rest away because you HAVE to see this movie.  It's DEFINITELY not one for the weak of heart, and it is REALLY disturbing (one of the most I've ever seen and I've live for horror!)  If you like sick gory movies, this is a winner!
 I thought this movie was genius! It starts off with two men waking up in a filthy bathroom. As the movie goes by they try to figure out why someone would do this to them and the doctor tells stories and he has flashbacks of a couple of suspicous things happening to him over the past couple of days and he talks about the "jigsaw killer who picks people who have made bad choices in life and are not grateful about the things that they are givin in life and he puts them in a situation were they have to basically mutilate themselves or someone else in order to live. Then it ends up that the two men are connected in some way and whoever the killer is he is watching them. This movie is very well packaged it has gore suspense and you will never ever ever figure out who the killer is. This movie is brilliant and I can't wait until the second one comes out. This is definitely a need to own movie for all of you Horror fans like me!
 It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's intrigating and smart and it has such a surprising end. If you like suspense you are going to love it. Just make sure you understood the end, many people I have talk to about this movie have not understood and thats probably why many people didn't like it.
 There haven't been a lot of good, scary movies recently except I thought this one was very scary and intriguing.  I liked the plotline even though the actors could use a few more classes.  The concept of this film was incredible - it's a different kind of murder movie - it's psychologically and physiologically thrilling - I would recommend it!
 I dont know what these other reviewers have been smoking??? This movie is so worth seeing and even owning. I admit I do own very few movies only because most I only watch once, but this one I will definatly watch over and over. The acting wasnt fantastic, but it kept you interested and was well done with the material, and the plot twists were awsome. I was on the edge of my seat through at least 90 percent of the movie. Finally the ending....WOW!!! The ending is DEFINATLY one you will NEVER guess. I was blown away!!! So out of 5 stars I give "SAW 5 stars, it is defiantly worth it!!!!
 <span class="tiny"> Length
 Heck yeah! Finally, a mainstream horror movie that's not afraid to be gritty. No campy, PG-13 family-friendly crap. No teenagers running around  having sex and then getting hacked by a lumbering serial killer. Just 2 men locked in a dirty bathroom, cryptic clues left by a deranged killer, and a puppet.   The beauty of this movie is in its simplicity. The entire film was shot in one building with an extremely low budget. The two main characters, a photographer named Adam and a surgeon named Lawrence, wake up one day to find themselves locked in a grimy bathroom, chained to pipes on opposite sides of the room. In between them, there is a dead body with a gun in one hand, a tape recorder in the other, and his brains blown out and pooling on the floor. From then on, the two men must work together to solve the puzzle the killer, Jigsaw, has left them, and get out of their situation alive.    Jigsaw is a serial killer who uses "traps to test his victims. His basic M.O. is that he puts them in situations, often with medieval-like torture devices, that will either kill them horribly, or leave them alive with permanent psychological and/or physical damage. Most of the time, these traps relate in some way to the person's lifestyle. Jigsaw's goal is to teach people to be grateful to be alive.   There are many misconceptions people have about this movie. First of all, it's not THAT gory. Yes, there is blood aplenty, and the traps Jigsaw sets for his victims(including a web of barbed wire a man must plow through, and a device hooked into a woman's jaw that could potentially permanently rip her mouth open) are just sick. But most of the horror comes with the THOUGHT of how painful the traps are, and not necessarily what is shown on screen. The majority of the gorehounds I know say that this movie is pretty tame.   Second of all, "Saw is NOT torture porn. "Hostel is torture porn. "Touristas is torture porn. "Saw", however, is not. You know why? The fact of the matter is...THERE IS NO PORN IN THIS MOVIE. Not even a boob or a buttcrack. THERE IS NO NUDITY. And heck, there isn't really any "torture either...not really.    However, I'm not gonna lie and say this movie is flawless. This has a lot to do with the director's lack of money, but that doesn't account for everything. In fact, I can see why some people really don't like this movie.   There are a ton of plot holes and unanswered questions. There are quite a few hammy one-liners("This is the most fun I've had without lubricant!"), and the acting in some places is hilariously abysmal(Like when Adam pretends to die). I understand how these could get in the way of enjoying the movie, but for me, they weren't that big of a deal.   All in all, this is one creepy and fascinating movie. The most enjoyable aspect of it is discovering more and more facts about the two main characters as the movie progresses, and discovering the connection they have while watching them learn to cope and work with each other. While not perfect, it's certainly entertaining and worthwhile.
 Saw is a horror movie released last year that certainly delivers. Its cast is basically made up of people that I never heard of besides Danny Glover. It certainly has its faults as does every movie but it is a genius horror movie compared to the rest of them. First off, most of what happens in the movie is effective. It opens with two men in a room, chained to posts. They don't know each other. Information is left telling them that one of them needs to kill the other in a certain amount of time or his family will be killed. Soon, they realize that they've been abducted by the Jigsaw Killer, a highly insane madman. Meanwhile, detectives are investigating his murders and are trying to find the newest victims before it's too late for them. The movie packs chills a plenty and some scenes will make you grossed out. For a horror movie, it's in the top 5 I've ever seen; for a regular movie, it still is a very good movie worth the watch. The ending has a huge twist that was geniously conceived and worth the watch alone. Everything clicks right though in this movie that is simply a must see. I am eagerly awaiting the sequel but I doubt that it will be able to surpass this movie. So this Halloween, rent Saw, check it out and then watch the sequel which I'm sure will be great. The ending in my opinion is one of the best ever in horror movies and really came out of nowhere and it will make you view the movie differently every time you will see it. Now for the real review...This movie is in my opinion better than all of the Hannibal movies. Why? Because this movie is very entertaining. It is obvious that it was a low budget movie but this plot is genius. The whole time, you're on the edge of your seat. You're like on a roller coaster ride..and when you think that it will slow down, it just keeps on going until at the end when the roller coaster just blows up. The ending is to me the best I've ever seen. Look how genius it is. Don't tell me any of you thought of it! Sure the Silence of the Lambs has better acting but really..this movie is splendid and really entertaining. I loved it and now own it because it's a one of kind movie regarded by most as your average horror flick but it's not..like Identity, this movie becomes more than a horror movie..it becomes an excellent movie..a smart thriller with great thrills and twists that is worthy to add to your collection. So please don't regard this as your typical so so horror movie that you might want to rent for Halloween. Because what you will find here if you look a little closer is a geniously thought out movie that is trully one of a kind.
 this is a great horror flick despite what people's expectations are. i guess i am getting tired of all these cgi monsters and special effects because when i seen this movie, it brought a sense of stomache turning that i haven't had in a horror movie in a while.  first off, it isn't lacking in the se7en-style gore which was a plus in my books. of course there are the twists in this flick, but that isn't what caught my attention. it was the lack of computer tricks. some of the plot is somewhat unrealistic or unclear, but who cares. i typically don't go see horror movies to make sure that the entire movie runs flawlessly. i go to see these movies for their shock value and that is why i give this movie five stars.
 What a great choice for a rental for this weekend!  When Saw was released, it got mixed reviews. My newspaper gave it the "bomb rating.   The movie's about this killer kidnapping people and making them play 99% impossible puzzles. When a guy named Adam and a doctor get kidnapped, they need to solve the mystery.   This movie is gory, disturbing, and just plain fun. Lots of plot twists that will make you keep guessing! Bring on Saw 2!
 SAW is just brilliant.... i was in awe the whole time... i like the fact that the killer is really not a killer he is just a kidnapper that gets people because they dont appreciate life... its true people dont cherish life like they suppose too (but that is another story).  i have never seen a movie that made me think about it for days... i was thinkin that the same thing could happen to me... and that is the scariest part of them all...   not to ruin the movie but the people in the movie basically are the killers cause the jigsaw puzzler is  a puzzle wizard and gives the people time to solve it or its too late...  overall this is a movie i will cherish for the rest of my life.... i have never seen a movie like this and iw will reccomend this movie to anyone.....if they are into movies like this......  5++++++++++++
 this is a great horror thriller. if u liked the movie seven u will like this. it is one of the best horror flicks out there
 In a day, where many new age teen horror movies are being born. This is fresh air in dying lungs. The Grudge, the Ring and whatever pg-13 teeny horror trash flavor of the month is out lately; it can not hold a candle to the flame that has been the "Saw franchise. I do enjoy this one slightly more than "Saw 2 simply because I really enjoyed the plot, two guys chained to the bathroom. There is the birth of the saw franchise. Leigh Whannel (Writer, Adam) and James Wan (Writer, Director) did a wonderful job, writing a horror movie that wore their influences on their sleeve yet showed their own present imagination. This movie (for better or worse in your opinion dear reader) shows prescence from such movies as Se7en and Cube (both films I enjoy) Another aspect I enjoy about this, is the atmosphere for which this film represents. It has a dark, grim and gritty atmosphere. The great select of which the scenes were shot at alongside the haunting musical composing of Charlie C. really help add to the darkness of this film. Even though, the plot has been discussed and picked at over again, I will do the same.  The film begins with Adam, laying in a bathtub full of water, as he begins to wake up, the water drains from the tub and he pulls himself out. Only to find he has been chained in a bathroom with another man (Dr. Lawrence) and a dead man with a gun in one hand and a tape recorder in another. So begins Saw. Throughout this film, we watch as Adam and Dr. Lawrence slowly stumble upon the sad truth as to watch has been done to them (and what could happen to them if they don't use their time wisely) and what could happen to their loved ones as well. As the story moves along Dr. Lawnrence is informed that his wife and child will be slain if he does not kill his new cellmate Adam. It is truly intense watching Dr. Lawrence slow spiral down the staircase of insanity as he finds of this outcome involving the murder of his wife and child. However, they do have help (unknowing to both sides) Detective David  Tapp (Danny Glover) has become obsessed with the Jigsaw case  and as time runs short for Adam and Lawrence, he quickly trys to come upon Jigsaw's new plan. However, we also see numerous flashback scenes involving Jigsaw's other "play things Paul, Amanda and Mark. All whos outcome I will not spoil for you. In the end, it all comes down to one final gripping scene in which this all began. A dirty bathroom.  This movie, means alot to me and is one of my all time favorites due to its message. It's one I think anybody could relate to. We're all human, we all have selfish moments in which we take for granted those we love, be it family, friends, signifigant other or whoever else. We all have extreme limits in which our body/mind will push ourselves to do extreme, violent and mind numbing acts to save ourselves and our loved ones. Many things in which we are rarely forced to do, due to the modern day society we live in. Jigsaw is a refreshing villian in a sense because he really isn't one. While obviously he is doing disturbing evil things, its not for the sake of doing disturing evil things. In fact their is a quote he made from Saw 2.  "John
 This was an awesome movie! Bloody and creepy describes it best.  Can you top the guy sawing off his foot?!?!?!  That was worth the price of admission alone.
 Saw gave birth to the Jigsaw Killer..which i guarantee will be famous as saw 2 Has come out (Pretty Good) and saw 3 in 1-2 years.... Saw Is a example of Tarantinos reservior dogs...Very LOW BUDGET but Excellnt Business..And Great Film..
 SAW was GREAT one of my favorite movies of all time its on my top ten list its about two men who wake up in a room chained by their feet and they both have to find different clues in order to surive its a great suspense thriller that is bloody and scary this movie has all the different things you would never want to do to stay alive this movie is great and i would say more about it but i dont want to give away anything you must see this movie if you love horror films GO SEE SAW 2 OCTOBER 28  unless it gets post poned again
 Loved the ending in this movie.  This movie while not flawless, had intelligence.  It is the intelligense that made this movie.  Danny Glover played perhaps his worse role ever, lol.  There was nothing about this character that I liked. And he is a good actor but he just went cold in this part.  The other acting was good to me, people keep on complaining about Cary Elwes and Leigh Whannel.  COME ON! Lol, they weren't that bad at all folks!  So what if Cary Elwes has an accent and played in the princess bride, he is an ACTOR.  Actors play many parts, this is nothing new people and you should know this!  What makes a good actor is the variety of parts he/she can play, geez.  You "horror buffs and "movie buffs HAVE to know this or else throw out all your pride and knowledge of movies.  And also a note, this isn't the first serious role for Elwes in a thriller, Kiss the Girls comes to mind????  Back to Saw, Good movie, great ending, intelligent, good acting (exclude Glover). I see nothing wrong with this movie. Oh yes!  Another factor of people not liking this movie was beacuse of the comparisons to Se7en it seems.  If you have a mindset that it is going to be as good as se7en then you won't like Saw.  They are different movies, DON'T compare them.  See Saw as it's own entity, and you will have a better chance of liking it.  Can't wait for Saw 2, the madness looks doubled!
 Where do i beging? Man this movie is the best movie ive seen so far. its scary, its thrilling, its funny, its just plain awesome. Now for does who have read that this movie is kinda like "seven let me explain. The only reason people are compering this movie to seven is the fact that the killer in this one whants to teach a sick moral lesson. Thats the ONLY thing these movies have in comen !!!!!!
 take bits n pieces of "SILENCE OF THE LAMBS "DEEP RED "TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE & "SE7EN grind em all up together & you have James Wan's new horror masterpiece "SAW". this twisted flick has everything a TRUE HONEST horror fan could ever ask for in a good horror movie. it has WITTT it has BLOOD & it has PURE INSANITY with a MASTERFUL ENDING! this is truely one of my new very favorite films! & to the HATER'S out there say'en that this movie is a "SE7EN rippoff,your arguement is small!because although "SE7EN is a great film on its own ,compared to "SAW its a sunny walk in the park & your also just simpley underrateing this very very very intelligent masterpiece that dances circles around a movie like "SE7EN"!!!!!!!!!! anyway all you real horror fans should hurry up & go get this great new edition to the horror genre! ignore the haters & you won't regret it! i promise! ENJOY!
 Let me start out with a simple task for you. Go see this movie. It delivers in more ways than than you would imagine and will make even the most experienced horror veterans jump. The Ring didn't scare me, nor do most movies, but this really got to me. I don't know what it was about this movie that made it so good; there are so many things to say, i could be analyzing the movie all day. When i saw this movie, everyone was getting into it, there were gasps all around you, true expressions of fear. Im not talking about some idiots who cant keep their mouth shut, I'm talking about real fear coming from people who were getting very uncomfortable. This will present a challenge for anybody who thinks they no whodunit and believe me, you will find yourself so immersed in your own suspicions, the ending will hit you like a brick wall. I have seen a lot of stupid movies and i can be a pretty harsh critic, but I will recommend this movie to everyone who enjoys a good thrill. You will not be disappointed.
 REALLY ENJOYED THIS FILM.SOMETHING DIFFERENT IN THE HORROR GENRE INSTEAD OF THE SAME STORY ABOUT TEENAGERS GETTING KNOCKED OFF.NOW IF WE CAN ONLY HAVE JIGSAW DO THIS TO SOME OF OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS.
 This movie is quite simply a classic. Jigsaw is a one-of-a-kind villain that forces his victims to kill themselves. This is highly original. I can't wait until Saw 3 comes out. They keep coming and I keep enjoying.
 Everyone who says this movie sucks just go jerk off to some romantic comdey or something. This is the most impressive horror movie in a long time. Ths first time director did a hell of a job. Although its not full a five star film its more like a 4.6 but i still put a five here. It has all the elements that us true horror fans are used to. So this movie is really good (considering i went to see it with little hopes it would be this good). Fans enjoy!
 The movie was excellant. This is the type of movie to have in your collection.
 that is the central question in this creepy and excessively violent thriller that works well as long as you don't stop and think about it to long!    to men awake in a dirty bathroom chained to the walls,a dead body between them,with tapes telling them that one must kill the other to save his family. the man(a doctor) is given a bullet and the dead man has a gun in hand(he looks to have shot himself)! problem is neather man can reach him,but they have hacksaws,they won't cut the chain,but they will cut......well you get the idea! the rest of the movie unfolds as the men try to find out why they are there,and what's going on.    this grim story is one that will pull you in and has a great twist at the end,just don't think about it to much! NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART!!!!!!!!!!!
 Saw is an amazing horror flick and Jigsaw (Bell) is definitley a new horror hero. 2 men (Elwes, Whannell) are shackeled broken down bathroom. Dr. Gordon has to kill his cellmate Adam or his wife (Potter) and daughter (Vega) will die.  Tracking down Jigsaw is a dectective name David Tapp (Glover) and his partner Steven Sing (Lueng).  This film also stars Dina Meyer as Detective Kerry. Shawnee Smith as Amanda. And Michael Emerson as Zep Hindle. This film really has a cool idea about a killer who doesn't actually kill his victims. He finds ways for his victims to kill themselves. For them to survive, they have to go through his deadly games.  Performances are very good, some over the top, but very good. The ending really makes this film one of the best films of 2004.  This uncut edition really has no extra scenes, just an extended scene of Amanda finding the key inside a man's body.  Saw is a must-see horror film. And it's sequel is even more awesome.
 I watched this film yesterday night alone in my home. It reminded me of my idea of myself probably being a victim of some superhuman power that controls my life. I'm the creator of Superultramodern Science (SS) / Philosophy(SP) and the inventor of the NSTP (Non - Spatial Thinking Process) theory. The theory, sometimes in conjunction with some other ideas in SS, implies that (probably) space is a form of illusion to non-spatial mind, and the human beings, including everything apparently conscious, I see, and I ever saw and shall see, around could simply be zombies, i.e. mere spatial images with no corresponding states of consciousness. My life is therefore a game which shall end in my death at some age (hopefully because of old age). However, to avoid that sort of end I must change the nature of the game, the design of my life, by controlling my states of consciousness. And the way to do this might be meditation. While  watching the film I really thought that `saw is life...'. (However, it doesn't really make much sense to tell you this because if, by chance, you are conscious you would know that I'm wrong and if you are not conscious then there is no point in telling my ideas to a zombie as s/he is just a spatial image with no possibility of understanding anything. But still what if we all are conscious and victims!) Anyways do see the film!!!
 I am someone who grew up in the 80's and loved the classic gorey films such as Texas Chainsaw Massacre, I Spit on Your Grave, Friday the 13th just to name but a few.  I seen the underground and the commercial ones. If I wasn't at my local independant theatre on weekends watching a horror and martial arts double feature I was renting them from my local shop that carried all the underground stuff you could think of. I lived and breathed horror films. My mother thought I was nuts. Then in the mid 90's censorship hit hard and the gore in horror films ran dry.  Then unfortunately so did the brains of most directors.  Special effects took over for story lines and soon there was nothing to think about.  When SAW came in to theatres I skipped it, not wanting to believe the hype. Seeing the posters for pt 2 everyday going to work got me intrigued.  Then I saw this dvd which was on sale and it came with a free movie ticket for part 2 so I figured how could I go wrong.  Let me tell you.... I am so sorry that I missed this in theatres.  It is hard to shock me.  I seen it all but RARE is the movie that makes me comment out loud, drop my jaw and not want to move in fear of missing something.  SAW did it.  This is an incredible film.  Intense visualization, good acting, good amount of gore in consideration of how much is censored now a days and finally something to make you think as well. Jigsaw is definitely a killer worth the ranks of Jason, Freddy and Leatherface!  Buy this movie without a thought.  Plus there is a free ticket for part 2 which EXPIRES on Dec 9th.  How can you go wrong?
 I love movies that no nobody survive in them! except bad people! I'm seek of watching a hero or a victim survive each time! If you think like me, this is your movie! Everyone would die and psychophat would live! this is not a scary movie, It's a bloody movie! It got me revived, the only better movie I've ever seen is "The Texas Chinsaw Massacre (2004) FORGET ALL THE REVIEWS YOU HAVE READ !! MAKE YOUR OWN JUDGEMENT ON THIS ONE! First this is not a movie that is supposed to be like "The Grudge or "The Ring . This movie is not supposed to be a horror movie instead it is VERY SHOCKING AND DISTURBING. But that's exactly the filmmakers planned to do. I am not going to say anything about the story because then I will ruin the plot. All I can say is that I have now another favorite film director. James Wan who seems to be a very young and fresh director brings amazing twists to this movie. All I can say is I can hardly wait till I see his next master piece. I was completely surprised by the movie. From the beginning till the bitter surprising ending. The entire movie is done in a awesome camera work and cutscenes. It is loaded with fresh and shocking ideas. If you cannot handle blood in the fim you should not watch this movie at all.
 It's hard to know where to start with this movie. It's just so good. I guess it would be good to start off by saying that this movie is more than just props and imagery. It's very, very plot driven, with a story that will have you on the edge of you seat, screaming at the screen and droping your jaw at the ending. It's twist after turn, shock after scare. Not your typical horror, not your typical slasher. This movie is realy very psychological, and I think any one who likes a good mystery will get a kick out of it.  But, any review of this movie wouldn't be a real review if it DIDN'T talk about the visuals. So many cool prop ideas are in the movie, from the puppet (who the creaters named 'Bill') to the pig mask to all the chilling murder scenes. This is where the movie gives horror fans what they really want. Also, Saw is not uptight when it comes to the blood, but not so much to just be 'slasher'. The blood doesn't drown out the story.  I will have to admit, the acting by Cary Elwes is wretched, and he's the main character really, so that does hurt the film. Still, even his 'drama club' quality acting can't kill the blood chilling story.  As for the DVD itself, the bonuses leave a lot to be desired. No cut scenes and the 'making of' is pitiful. You learn more by listening to the commentary than by watching 'Sawed Off'. Saw is the type of movie that 'making of's were made for, and they really droped that ball there. Perhaps they're holding out for a collectors edition or some thing. I'd be pretty let down if that was the case.  Lastly I have to mention the ending. Seriously...it's all about the ending. Well...not ALL about the ending, but...I was blown away. Just go see it. You wont be sorry.
 you have to realize this was a very low budget movie.  so they could not afford a great actor for dr. gordon.  for what they spent on this, it is an excellent movie.  the ending was the best part.  when you go and see this, just set aside criticisms for the acting and you will really enjoy this one.  it should not be compared to seven or phone booth.  the people comparing it are obviously one-minded goons who can't appreciate movies for what they are.  also, if you like hapy endings, you may not like this.
 I dont see why so many people are putting this movie down. I guess it is because they were expecting more gore then was actually in the movie, and that may be because the critics and previews made it seem that way. Dont get me wrong, this movie does have its bloody parts, but its not that bad and its not nonstop violence. Now for the positives i would definatly say this is very original plot and you'll never guess who the killer actually is at the very end. The story is very good and there's lots of suspense(i dont know how you could fall asleep watching it because it at least has a good story, even if it's not that gory). It is quite entertaining and demented, and James Wan(the director)did a good job on his first movie. See it and watch it with an open mind and dont put it down because its not that gory, because i've seen pleanty of gory movies that suck and thats because it didn't have a good plot(example
 This little horror movie is full of tricks that'll grip you to your sofa. 2 people bound to the wall of a real damp and a corpse... They're the target of a mysterious serial killer. This one's got a real sick imagination. Behind the pictures and the clever-horrible scenes, there is a question about the survival instinct. And an interrogation will occur to you
 This another extraordinary film that did not due too well during its theatrical release, but I highly recommend. However, this film is not for the squeamish.  The film revolves around a serial killer who doesn't kill people himself; but rather, places people in intricate situations which require difficult decisions to be made in order to stay alive.  The victims selected are not the pillars of society. It's this collection of individuals, which is the key to the whole plot of this film and eventually the identity of the killer. These people are throwing away the one true thing the killer cherishes, and that's live itself. So they are forced to prove their right to life in an elaborate set of tests or die trying.  I would categorize this film as a thriller; however, the killings do have a touch of gore to them. I love films that stretch the imagination and develop new and exotic ways to tell an age old story, and this film does just that.  The film's title is a foreshadowing of things to come from almost the beginning of the film. Two complete strangers Carey Elwes and Leigh Whannell wake up in a dark, and dingy bathroom only to find themselves chained by their legs to separate walls of the room. While rummaging around the room, a sack is found and in it are two hacksaws. The hacksaws are not strong enough to cut through the chains which are binding our main characters, what do you suppose the hacksaws are to be used?  At the same time, Danny Glover plays a cop also searching for our mysterious killer, commonly referred to as Jigsaw because of these complex games he forces his victims to play.  Again, the gruesome murder scenes almost elevate this film to a horror flick. However, the well told story line, elaborate plot, and the plot twist at the end; will leave you completely satisfied that you viewed this movie.  http
 This film is great. One would compare it to Se7en, however the horror is more explicit. The story is brilliant, and keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire length of the film. This is definitely a must see. And what a sick mind the writer must have 
 I left this DVD on top of the TV for about 2 weeks before I got the guts to watch it. I noticed the rating was for GRISLY VIOLENCE and, as I get older, I find I don't have the same stomach that I had as a youth.  Finally, I sat down and watch this film, and it was AWESOME.  I was very impressed by how tight this film was and how the story unfolded, and the twists and turns. I knew a bit about what the movie was about and found it to be very tense the entire flick. But the story flowed smoothly, the editing was really well done. I was a little depressed at how fast everything wrapped up at the end, because it could have lasted a bit longer, but the last minute twists were great.  I would like to see the NC-17 version or director's cut next.  FANTASTIC movie, but not for kids.
 FAR SUPERIOR to "7 ~ this misbegotten gem takes you via flashback through various 'entertainments' .... [with due respect to "7"].... a thoroughly nasty little journey through the mind of the severely unhinged ....  Fave moments??  The gal wearing the Hannibal Lecter {literally} ripoff mask [with a vague difference].  FOR sheer perversion we should receive a sequel [unlikely] but wouldn't it be fun???  NOT to be missed ~ especially the beloved puppets!  REALLY something for the extremely 'shunned'.  GREAT moments aplenty ........
 Apparently, "Saw is a movie people either hate or love.  I thought it was great as it put an new twist on the psycho killer/horror genre.  Sure, people are saying it's a ripoff of "Seven but it's really not - other than the killer has an imagination and the director of the film has an amazing way with visuals.  Directed and written by two Australians, one of whom (Leigh Whannell) also makes his film debut as one of the "Jigsaw Killer"'s victims, I thought this an extremely creepy film.  Whoever did the production design did an excellent job - just "The Helmet sequence alone was enough to freak me out.  And that...MASK!!!  Also, the question the movie poses
 I've read some reviews, and frankly I'm disappointed by some of these opinions. First off, Saw was brilliantly well done. I think this is one of those films that's too clever for it's own good(Just like "Back To The Future II").    The movie begins with an abrupt introduction to two men held captive in a room in "God knows where". There is Dr. Lawrence(Cary Elwes), and Adam(Leigh Whannell). For whatever reason everyone seems to be complaining an awful lot about Leigh Whannell's acting, or the entire cast's acting in general. I wouldn't call it great, but I also wouldn't go as far as calling it "B-Rated". For his first acting gig, Leigh Whannell actually did a good job, and he had some really funny lines to boot
 For those of us who are tired the masked killer running around with a knife only to turn out to be an everyday teenager, you will be glad to see Saw. This movie is classified as a "horror movie but it is very very intense as well. There is no one running up stairs instead of out of the front door type of situations, only those who keep you on the edge of your seat. There have been many complaints on the acting, yes, some is a bit exaggerated but you can't help to think about what you would look like if you were in that situation. I was very impressed with the plot, considering most horror movies forget to add those in the mix of blood shed and screams. The movie will definitely leave you guessing and your heart racing. Don't be fooled by the room they are locked in, the entertainment value is ten times greater than when Tom Hanks got deserted on an island (Cast Away) and scuba divers got left in the ocean (Open Water). Overall this is one of the best horror movies I have seen. I believe it opens up a whole new world of opportunity for movies that can get to their viewer mentally. The scariest thing of all in this movie is that it can actually happen, unlike Jason coming back over and over. And if you have trouble sleeping after a horror movie, watch this in pure daylight, because you'll be afraid to go to sleep in fear of where you might wake up. See Saw.
 As someone who is admittedly addicted to horror films, I'd like to think I've seen it all. But every now and then, a movie comes along, takes me by surprise, and knees me in the groin. "Saw is that film. From beginning to end, this movie is pure intensity. Directed by the young James Wan, who is just getting started in the business (and got one helluva headstart with this movie), "Saw revolves around two seemingly unrelated men (Cary Elwes and Leigh Whannell) who wake up opposite of each other in a dirty, stinky, sketchy old bathroom, chained to the pipes and with a dead body loafing in between them. It seems that someone is playing a game with them, someone who selects the players in his game for a reason. He doesn't actually kill these people himself, but somehow, they end up dead (sound familiar, Kevin Spacey fans?). Hot on his trail, in a simultaneous subplot is Detective David Tapp (played by Danny Glover), who has a has a vendetta against one of the men trapped in the room. The movie moves at a brisk pace. It is absolutely unrelentless and virtually humorless. There isn't a moment where the movie sags, or where you, the viewer, can relax. Everytime you think you've wrapped your head around this movie, a curveball is thrown at you, straight up until the knock-out ending. I really can't explain much more about the plot without ruining parts of the movie. No doubt, this movie bares similarities with "Se7en, both in the story (which was also penned by Whannell) and in Wan's directing style. However, instead of coming off as derivitive, Wan uses his obvious influences to paint a totally different picture. He uses some stark, nightmarish images to full effect (check out the child abduction scene...how creepy) and turns old cliches (Adam's apartment scene) on their heels. The story, and more importantly, the characters are what's important here. Whannell created two very different, flawed, but sympathetic leads that we really start to care for, despite whatever events unfold (I saw a little of myself in Adam). Overall, I can't find a flaw in this film. It is just mind-blowing. It is perfectly crafted. Every little shot in this movie is in there for a reason, so pay attention. "Saw is more than just your average thriller, and it doesn't reduce to splatterfest either (although there are some grisly scenes). Easily the best horror flick to come out last year. Fans of the genre should not miss it. The DVD is a little disappointing, with the mere highlight being the insightful commentary from Wan and Whannell. Also included is a feature, albeit brief, on the making of the movie, along with two versions of Fear Factory's "Bite The Hand That Bleeds video and a making of the video segment. Pretty skimpy for a landmark release like this. I smell a re-release on the horizon (?).
 Great flick. Marginally disturbing.  Original. Never been done before. And done well.  If you like this genre - this is a must-see. One of the best endings ever. Ever. Check it out.
 I saw this movie at the theater and was VERY impressed with the storyline.  However, the cinamatography was not very well done but overall it's worth watching.  I am waiting for it to come out on DVD so I can get it for my mom who loves a good thriller film.
 After all the shlock, schlock, horror, horror that gets churned out these days, we have an offering that is truly genuine, fresh and bloody frightening.  The terror comes in the form of reality. Not far-fetched, not supernatural, and no special effects.  RAW, UNCUT and GRISSLY.  We are forced to examine the PRIMAL INSTINCTS within in order to survive.  The question is, if you were locked in a room with a stranger and were told 
 The first few minutes of the movie is plagued with both poor dialog and poor acting, but gradually the movie starts to come together until the conclusion - by which time it has evolved into an excellent movie. Introducing experienced actresses like Dana Meyer ("Star Ship Troopers", "Bats") and Shawnee Smith ("The Blob") certainly helped with the acting (Shawnee is the girl in the trailer reel who survives)! Ultimately, this psychopath is so brilliant that he makes Hannibal look infantile! If you liked "Silence of the Lambs", then this is a MUST see movie.
 I only have one thing to say for this film scary as hell. Watch the ending you wont sleep for weeks!!!!!
 One of the 5 best horror films I've seen, "Saw ranks with such classics as "The Exorcist, "Jaws, and "Alien. Director Wan plunges the audience in "medias res, dispensing with amenities or unnecessary introductions to present Whannel's story in a way that is reminiscent of Poe's best horror tales. The technique ensures that the viewer is always part of the action by setting up a tension that continues seamlessly to the final scene. Whannel demonstrates his writing expertise by offering his viewers a story line that carries them on an emotive experience to keep them vacillating between fear and hope.  Whannel's writing always maintains the mystery of his plot. His method of guarding his mystery is not obscurantism or over-complication. Instead, he provides an interactive dialog between character and audience that forces the audience to participate in trying to make sense of the central dilemma. Wan supports the story through flashbacks and artful cinematography, making revelations that give the audience hope that they are on the verge of solving this entangled mystery. And at each turn of the plot, Wan jolts the audience back to the fear that the mystery might never be revealed. The soundtrack is unobtrusive, yet it functions as an unconscious energy that keeps the viewer focused.  Whannel's choice of the name Adam for his own role evokes the "loss of innocence myth from the first Book of the bible, "Genesis. And his choice of the name John for the role played by Tobin Bell, evokes the myth from the last Book of the bible, "Revelations. Together these two classic myths hint at Whannel's philosophical message about life-and the true meaning of horror.  The only minor criticism I can offer is that I would prefer to have seen the role of Dr. Gordon played by an older, darker, and more seasoned actor like Dan Hedaya. But the collaboration of Wan and Whannel produced a 21st century horror classic that offers excellent writing, directing, cinematography, editing, and acting. It is a "must experience. the story of two men who wake up in a room chained with no means of escape.  the plot thickens as the movie progresses and the back story introduces us to the "jigsaw killer who finds ways for his victims to kill themselves.  i put this move on par with se7en.  it is a sick twisted and wonderful trip.  the end had my head spinning.  truly an awesome piece of cinema.  i disagree with some of my other reviews, especially amazon's but this is all my opinion.  i think screenwriter Leigh Whannel (who plays adam, one of the trapped men) does a amazing job especially at the end.  Cary Elwes also chimes in a great performance especially at the end.  Danny Glover adds to the cast as a cop pursuing the killer.  the cast is amazing and supports the story well and director James Wan has written a great psycodrama of a movie.    i would also like to address the reviewer Rosa La Luna who said that the movie Cube was "far superior".  Cube was a great move but comparing these two movies is like comparing apples and oranges.  Cube was not scary at all, and i doubt it wa smeant to be.  there was not one moment was i scared, curious how it ends but never was i scared like i was in Saw.  Saw is brutal, thought provoking, and one of the most disturbing films i have ever seen.  Cube was entertaining at best.  i was shocked to see so many bad reviews of this movie.  i loved it so mich i bought it.  i guess everyone is entitled to their opinion.    as for the dvd there are some cool features/behind the scenes but it is short.  they could have done better there
 I just cant belive the guy who said, what about this, how does that guy didnt do,,, come on ITS A MOVIE and a very good one. scaryyyyyy, good plot, nice ending. I PUT IT ALONG SE7EN IN ONE OF THE GREATEST ENDINGS EVERRR.... GO AND GET IT if you dare. jejejejeje
 I dont know whether the makers of the Saw were really influenced by the 2 films i mention in the title of this review. But the parallels are very obvious to anyone who's seen them.  As 2 people wake up chained to the walls of a toilet of an abandoned factory with a corpse lying in the middle of the room, the expectable questions arise in their minds
 Absolutely fantastic!! I have never seen a movie with a better end. It blowed my mind. Warning some scenes is pretty nasty. You have to see the movie to understand. SEE IT!!
 ok, this was the first movie i've seen in a wicked long time that actually creeped me out. because it's one of those movies that could easily be real and i wont ruin it for people who havnt seen it yet but i always love movies that end like this one did they just make me feel like going out and robbing a bank hoping i get two cops like the ones in this movie to chase after me but i'd just like to say that i dont like the direction all these new horror movies are going in.it's good that they dont follow that same old formula but where the hell is the nudity. thats a very important part of a horror movie and trust me this movies had plenty of oportunities to show some.really who doesnt like the ocasional comfort of seeing a naked women amidst all the killing
 First horror movie after playing the silent hill games to ever leave me a lil bit disturbed even asfter the movie. it has a feel of silent hill ez. 5 stars is just nit enough
 "Saw is an brilliant suspense thriller! It is one of the best suspense thrillers since "Seven and "The Silence Of The Lambs"! I mean that with personal consideration for the film. It is inventive, well-executed, and, also, well-budgeted, as its production budget cost $1 million to make the movie and it is one of the best-looking movies this year. The story revolves about two men trapped in an old bathroom. Dr. Lawrence Gordon, played by Cary Elwes, is an oncologist. Adam, played by Leigh Whannell, is an photographer. Lawrence figures out that a serial killer named Jigsaw, that was involved with an murder investigation run by Detective David Tapp, played by Danny Glover and his partner, Detective Steven Sing, played by Ken Leung. Jigsaw has, somewhat, kidnapped them, and Lawrence and Adam find out that they are apart of a murderous game that Jigsaw gives to the victims that he kidnaps. Lawrence, also finds out that his wife, Allison, played by Monica Potter, and his daughter, Diana, played by Makenzie Vega, has been kidnapped by the same killer, as well. Lawrence and Adam, find out that Lawrence has to kill Adam by 6
 This film, which was shot in a scant eighteen days, is stunningly original in concept. I confess that I was totally riveted to the screen for the entire running time of the  film, as was my son. Edgy and somewhat surreal, the film clearly demonstrates that the director, James Wan,  can certainly do more with less, as the film was shot on a shoestring budget. Yet, he also knows that less is sometimes more, as he keeps the actual  amount of on screen gore to a minimum. In doing so, he forces a viewer's imagination to work overtime, which serves to create more suspense than a visual statement of the obvious.  The plot is diabolically clever. It appears that a maniac is on the loose, placing people in fiendish situations that are truly matters of life or death, virtually ensuring that someone dies. The deaths occur in a highly unusual manner, indicative of a complex and maniacal mind at work. Detectives Tapp (Danny Glover) and Sing (Ken Leung) are on the case and hot on this maniac's trail. When on the verge of his capture, however, everything goes wrong, and Detective Tapp becomes somewhat unhinged after a total debacle ensues.  Meanwhile, Dr.  Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes), who was himself a suspect in the case, suddenly finds himself in a filthy, ancient, cavernous bathroom, along with a young man  named Adam (Leigh Whannell). Both are chained to pipes in the wall and are disoriented and unsure as to how they got there. Between them and just beyond their reach lies an apparently dead man in a pool of blood, ostensibly killed with the gun that he still holds in his hand. Then, Dr. Gordon and Adam discover that a series of cryptic  instructions have been left for them to follow.  Each instruction clearly delineates just how precarious their position is.  What follows is a mesmerizing cat and mouse game, replete with a number of twists and turns, that is sure to keep the viewer enthralled. This is certainly a plot driven, rather than character driven, film. Therefore, although some of the acting is not of the highest caliber, it matters not, as it is the plot, and not the individual characterizations, that are at the central core of this gripping film. Moreover, the plot is so creative and riveting, that some of its flaws become virtually insignificant in the overall scheme of things.  The screenwriter, Leigh Whannell, who also plays the part of Adam, deserves kudos for his complex and clever screenplay. He deserves less than that for his portrayal of Adam. Mr. Whannell should concentrate on screenplay writing, as it is there that his true gift lies. Notwithstanding this relatively minor criticism, I love this film!
 THERE SIMPLY IS NOT A WAY TO DESCRIBE THIS MOVIE WITHOUT RUINING THE END OR THE ENTIRE MOVIE FOR THAT MATTER. YUO JUST HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE PERIOD.SAW I MUST SAY WAS THE MOST RECENT HORROR FILM TO LEAVE A LASTING EFFECT IN MY MIND ITS ORIGINAL FOR THE MOST PART SIMILAR STYLES HAVE BEEN DONE BEFORE FOR INSATANCE THE FILM SEVEN BUT NOT TO THE SAME DEGREE IN MY OPINION AND THATS ALL THIS IS  MY OPINION. I WILL SAY THIS I DID JUMP AND SQUIRM MANY TIMES WHITCH IS WHAT MAKES A GOOD HORROR RIGHT? OR SHOULD YOU BE SO CONFUSED YOU HAVE TO WATCH THE FILM OVER AND OVER TO GET THE JIST OF THE FILM . I DONT THINK SO THERE IS A LITTLE CONFUSION YOU DO NEED TO PAY ATTENTION AND NOT BE ON YOUR 9TH BEER WHEN WATCHING SAW,ALSO IF POSSIBLE WATCH IT ALONE AND DARKEN THE ROOM.DANNY GLOVER PLAYS A ON THE EDGE AT ONE POINT BURNT OUT DETECTIVE AND HIS PARTNER KEEPS HIM GOING AFTER THE JIGSAW KILLER AND THE OTHER MANY ACTORS MOSTLY PLAY VICTIMS OF THE JIGSAW AND TELL THERE VERSION OF THE KILLINGS AND LET ME TELL YA THE KILLINGS FOR THE MOST PART ARE ORIGINAL AND EXTREME AND GRAPHIC NOT FOR KIDS TO WATCH.I DONT WANNA SPOLIE THE MOVIE BY SAYING TO MUCH BECAUSE IT CAN BE EASILY DONE LIKE I SAID YOU JUST HAVE TO WATCH THIS FILM ITS A REAL WINNER IT DOES WORK AND IT WILL BE A CLASSIC IN TIME  ESPECIALLY WITH THE SEQUAL COMING OUT SOON THERE IS BOUND TO BE AN EPIC HERE.  BRIAN
 I just bought & watched this movie I received this weekend, was scary, suspense, and great movie, scrip was real good. REALLY FREAKY IN THE END AHHH, U WOULD NEVER THINK THAT... I gives a 5 stars, great ADUIO 6.1 DTS sound, really enjoyed it .BUY IT.  DON'T MISS IT!!!.
 I saw "saw the other noght and I loved it, it starts off just rite, the guys wakes up he's in a room chained up with another guy with a dead body in the room.4.7/5.0
 If This Movie Is The One I'm Thinking Off Calling "Saw Then This Is A Really Freaky Movie NOT FOR THE WEAK STOMACH!! This "Juggsaw Puzzle Killer Gets His Vitcums And Puts Them In A Situation And You Have Choices If YOu Wanna Live Or Die. He Doesnt Really Kill Anyone, He Finds Ways For His Vitcums To Kill Themselfs. It Has Cary Elwes (The Crush,The Princess Bride)He Becomes One Of The Vitcums And Is Traped In A (What Looks To Be A Big Bathroom) With Another Man Named "Adam And The Dr.Gordon (Cary Elwes)Has Till 6
 This movie is really scary i couldnt sleep through the night becuase of the clown that just creeps me out at the end is corny but its good
 SI DUDA ALGUNA ESTA ES LA MEJOR PELICULA DE ESTE TIPO DE GENERO...MUCHO MEJOR QUE SEVEN,RESURRECCION,EL COLECCIONISTA DE HUESOS,ETC  LA VERDAD ES QUE EL PUZZLE ES UN PSICOPATA MUCHO MAS RETORCIDO QUE CUALQUIERA DE LOS QUE SALEN EN PELICULAS DE ESTE TIPO;Y MUCHO MAS H... DE P...A.  LAS PRUEBAS A LAS QUE PONE A SUS VICTIMAS SON RETORCIDAS Y A CUAL MEJOR.  TODA LA PELICULA ES GENIAL.PERO LOS CINCO ULTIMOS MINUTOS SON DE LO MEJORCITO E IMPREVISIBLE QUE TE PUEDAS IMAGINAR,LLENO DE TENSION Y ANGUSTIA Y QUE T DEJARA CON LA BOCA ABIERTA....PERO ESO NO QUIERE DECIR QUE EL RESTO DE PELICULA SEA MALO;NI MUCHO MENOS.  A TITULO PERSONAL A MI ME GUSTA MUCHO EL PLANO FINAL CON EL QUE ACABA LA PELICULA.  POR CIERTO SAW 2 Y ALGO MAS FLOJA PERO IGUAL DE GENIAL....OS LA RECOMIENDO
 I thought this would be scary! It wasn't but that's ok! It was a great movie, though! Obviously it's about this psycho and he has this puppet thingy. This one part a girl is trapped in all this gear and she has to get out of the chair she's trapped in and then her time starts ticking. I think she has one minute. And she has to find the key and it's in this guys stomache so she has to cut him open so u see lots of blood. I did think the puppet was scary!
 Saw is really the scariest movie of the year. i personally think it's really smart and original, and the special effects are awesome! But, actually, I do have one complain about it
 I HAVE ENJOYED WATCHING THIS MOVIE AS IT CONTAINS ALL THE SUCCESFULL ELEMENTS TO PRODUCE A HOROR, TWIST IN THE TALE,THRILLER MOVIE.MANY THANKS TO THE DIRECTOR AND WRITER AND LOOKING FORWARD THE SECOND EPISODE...
 When you awake it is so dark you can taste it.  You swim up through the darkness, struggling fitfully out of sleep, strangling, lungs clotted with the choking darkness, close around you and pressing down on your chest. You struggle out of one nightmare to awake in another
 Por ahi lei que esta pelicula seria para esta decada lo que Seven fue para los noventas, y que razon tenian. Es una pelicula cuya trama  nos mantiene inmersos y con la u&ntilde;as clavadas en el sillon. Saw tiene esos momentos fuertes y sangrientos que hacen taparse los ojos a aquellos de voluntad (y estomago) debil. Tiene un guion muy bueno y la direccion y fotografia en general excelentes tambien. Pero cabe destacar que esta pelicula no es para toda la gente ya que contiene violencia (completamente) explicita y escenas algo fuertes. Pero si te gusta el Gore y buscas una pelicula con una buena historia (no como la mayoria de las de tipo B) estilo Seven, Saw definitivamente es para ti.  PD. Esta edicion especial es increible, la portada viene en una burbuja con liquido rojo (supuestamente sangre) con una sierra impresa en un plastico por separado que flota dentro de la burbuja. Los subtitulos en espa&ntilde;ol son muy bien recibidos. Es una magnifica adicion para cualquier amante del cine, ya sea o no coleccionista.
 Saw begins with two men in room chained in a room with a dead body.  Tapes detailing a "Game are in their pockets describing what is required to escape.  The premise of this movie sounded similar to other movies I have seen.  That's where it stops.  This movie is an adrenaline pumping, graphic and shocking take on the Suspense/Horror/Thriller Combo.  This movie had me locked in from beginning to end.  This is one of the scariest films I have ever seen.  The realistic visuals take you further into the story adding a depth to it that I can't even recall having seen before.  The cast does a wonderful job with this story and each one brought their character vividly to life.  The lines between reality and fiction are crossed in the style of movie it is and how it was shot I felt my pulse pounding and as if I were there with the characters.  Not just sitting in a seat watching the movie but actually biting my nails.  This is what they mean when they say "EDGE OF YOUR SEAT".  Be warned this movie is graphically violent.  I don't just mean normal horror movie violent I mean scare you to death violent.  I saw this movie and began telling all my family and friends to see it.  If you are in the least bit squeemish DO NOT GO SEE THIS MOVIE!  This is the one time what they describe is absolutely delivered.  This movie was horrifying and even now I know I won't be able to sleep for thinking about it.  It's disturbing and yet I couldn't keep from watching.  I have no idea who made the movie, but I know I'll remember the movie for years to come.
 This movie is a classic horror movie because it has a lot of blood, suspense, sick and nasty stuff. But it is so creative too because dang, all the clues that have been showed throughout the movie have something to do with the KILLER, yet, it is hard to find out who is him. At the end of the movie, every single clue comes alive and We understand everything, which is why this has creativity, it is simple, the acting is great IMO, DR. Gordon is one of the best actors. This is one of my top favorites for sure along with the A nightmare on Elm Street Series, and The Omen Series.
 SAW is the most interesting movie ive ever had the honor to view. Though the acting is not the greatest,the overall theme and various messeges of the movie make it all worth while. In order to enjoy it,you have to try to get inside the jigsaw killer's twisted mind. He is not a killer. He tests his victims to see what they will do to stay alive (to prove the value of life). There is an art to the jigsaw killers actions...almost poetic.  This film goes to show that evenwith a dirt-low production value, a great film can be made.
 I'm a fan of SAW. Not really scary to me but gross and bloody. Those are the best kind of horror movies. Great suspense too. Definitely a must have. I already have a copy of SAW but I purchased one from Amazon as a gift. Love the price.
 I remember seeing this movie at my local movie rental store and wanting to check it out, but never got around to actually watching it for the longest time. What was I waiting for?! "Saw is the first of this amazing franchise in horror and it's a goody. It's fresh, smart and keeps you guessing. With a unique storyline complete with twists, surprises, puzzles and intense horror, "Saw is movie that keeps you watching. As the story unfolds, you won't believe how the people are so linked together; having more in common then you can know. And you especially won't believe the ending! It is truly epic. Director James Wan and writer Leigh Whannell did a great job with this film.  In a downright disgusting bathroom, Adam (Leigh Whannell), a voyeur photographer, wakes up in a bathtub with his foot chained to a pipe. Across from him, foot also chained to a pipe is Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes), a doctor. In the middle of the room lies the body of a man, a gun clutched in one hand and a tape player in the other. Adam and Lawrence each find a tape in their pocket and upon playing them, are met with the creepy recorded voice giving them the staggering situation
 What a difference one film can make that would eventually spawn a popular and successful franchise known as 'Saw'. The myster built behind the Jigsaw murders was awesome. The film led you to believe who the killer was as the film went on until a huge twist hits you at the end. The ending will always be remembered and the film overall is a gem. Definitly a recommendation to any movie watcher of any genre.
 Its been a long time since a good mystery movie came out. The characters were interesting and made you think. The ending will always be remembered as a huge twist that no one saw coming.
 I didn't hear anything about the Saw Series, until the 1st installment was released on DVD. I rented it, loved it so much that I bought it and never looked back. I went to the theatre to see the later releases each year.  Saw I is a different twist to the horror genre. The killer isn't actually the killer.
 Saw brings life into the Horror movie genre. Saw is either my first or second favorite horror movie of all time.(competing with the Halloween franchise) Saw is a very entertaing yet very disturbing movie. Unpredictable to the very end. I could not beleive the ending! It defently makes me want to run to the movie store and rent Saw 2!  Another thing that makes "Saw a fantastic movie is the music. Whenever the "Saw Theme would play, my heart would speed up.  If you are a fan of Horror movies you will love this film !
 I haven't seen this movie since it's release, but it's Halloween and I decided to do a Saw marathon. This movie is perhaps the best in the series. It has a lot of mystery and suspense. I think not knowing who Jigsaw is adds to the enjoyment. The later installments peeled the mystery away from him and it hurt the overall feel of the franchise. This movie does not have a lot of traps, they are not as elaborate as the traps in the sequel, but they are nicely used. There are so many twists and turns in this movie it's hard to even guess the next turn. I personally like Danny Glover and he does a great job. He should have been a more central character. The entire movie your trying to figure out who jigsaw is and that adds to the movie's greatness. As the series progressed the mystery element was taken away piece by piece. There are a lot of characters interacting around this "game and that adds to the overall feel of desperation of this movie. This movie is a classic. The rest in the series decide to stand on gore instead of real suspense. This is a classic worth treasuring.
 I love the Saw series, and I noticed that this was a really great price on the UMD format of the film.  Overall I am satisfied with the product and I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys an intense, gruesome movie experience with a shocking ending!
 This was a great performence, shocking, thrilling, touture, enjoyment i really enjoyed it. I liked all the saws but part3 was not that good but theothers were, so this was a great movie.
 Typical horror movies seek to use startle horror or just throw intense amounts of gore to scare.  Saw has some of both but by far blows away any other attempts to categorize this film. Unique movies are becoming very difficult to find but this movie will leave you wanting more and with a pleasantly disturbing feeling in the pit of your stomach that I haven't felt since such awesome films as Seven and Frailty.
 The previews you see for the Saw during commercial breaks on the television are misleading because Saw is *not* a typical "maniac with a saw comes out of the closet and attacks helpless horny teens horror.  This is truly a disturbing film about a smart and dangerous killer who gives two people (who are chained to the floor of a bathroom) certain strategies that need to be completed in order to succeed at the killers twisted little game.  It's unreal.  Every time the two guys think they found a way to get out of the situation, they quickly find out that the killer already found a way to trick them.  The killer is always one step ahead of them.  You will find out that the weapon of choice, the saw, is to be used in a deeply disturbing (and cleverly written) way.  Throughout the movie, the killer plays these sick little games with the two guys trapped in the bathroom, and it's truly something that will disturb anyone because it shows you exactly what the sickest kind of people on earth can be capable of.  I was truly surprised that this movie was a more creative kind of horror than what the previews seem to show us.  Watch it.  It's an interesting and nicely created horror film.
 I wasn't expecting this film to be much of anything, but upon viewing I was blown away! Right up til' the end with the twist... WOW! I'd definitely give it 5 stars and see it again. Well acted, timed and scripted.... A great thriller in every sense of the word!
 What can I say about this movie that hasn't already been said?  First of all, it is a breath of fresh air, having THE BEST TWIST I have ever seen in any movie EVER!  It is definately a gory 'whodunnit,' as mentioned in other reviews.  The death/gore scenes are sickly brilliant!  I am yet to see 2, but this one is very hard to top.  The last thing I'd do is give away the ending, so if you are into horror movies at all, buy this immediately!  Best horror movie ever made if you ask me.
 I was so shocked and absorbed the first time I saw this film. It was really good. I actually jumped at a few times. I wish I saw this in theaters instead of The Grudge (Not really good). The characters and story were really good all the way through the spellbinding ending. The actors are great in their roles especially Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, and newcomer Leigh Whannell (he also wrote the screenplay). Saw is a tour de force and gives a new edge on a thriller. Highly Recommended.
 The movie is not based on people cutting off their limbs with a saw like everyone thinks.  There is only one subtle saw/limb scene.  The acting between the two guys in the bathroom was pretty cheesy, but other than that, I liked it so much I watched it twice!  I haven't seen a good psychological movie like this since The Silence of the Lambs!!
 This film is a creepfest on par with Silence of the Lambs.  The writers [and killer] burrow into your mind.  How do you outwit a serial killer who has eluded the police for years and who has never actually killed anyone himself?  How far do you trust someone that you just met when his death could mean your freedom?  What are you truly capable of if your loved ones are in danger?  The more that you learn of the protagonists' predicament and the pure evil of their tormentor the more your skin crawls.  You'll be looking over your shoulder in dark parking garages after this movie.
 I am absolutely NOT a fan of the horror genre - on more than one Halloween outing with friends I have run, sobbing, out of a haunted house; my brother gets a kick out of jumping out from behind things to hear me scream; and at night, I still jump into bed from 3 feet away...just in case something's under there. Yet Saw has made it onto the list of my all-time favorite films.  Saw's psychological "damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don't concept intrigued me, so I rented it on DVD one night. I shut and locked my bedroom door, turned on every light in the room, and barricaded myself with blankets to see if the product lived up to the hype...and it did.  On one hand, I was terrified (afterward, I watched TV for a while to ward off the nightmares)...but I was awed by the film's brilliance. Solid acting, creative cinematography, and the most disturbing and mind-blowing plot twists imaginable.  I was so impressed, I saw each sequel on its opening day...from the seat in the rear corner of the theater. No one can sneak up on you from there.
 This movie is absolutely pure genius! Not your typical slasher/horror flick. There's plenty of blood and gore, but that's not what carries the movie. The killer is brilliant and creative. It left me guessing who did it all the way to the very end, and then it will leave you with your mouth hanging open in amazement. Very satisfying suspense movie.
 WOW. I saw this film when it was released in theaters on Halloween of 2004. It had my attention from the opening scene where newcomer actor/writer Leigh Whannell is in the filthy bathroom with "The Princess Bride"'s Cary Elwes. Both are chained by the ankle and in a believable state of confusion. The ingenuity of the Jigsaw "serial killer is remarkable. This is a man that teaches the morally wayward people that he kidnaps to appreciate the value of their own lifes by testing their survival of the fittest instinct. The film has wit and humor as well. The most memorable line for me was Leigh Whannell's "This is the most fun I've had without lubricant. (referring to being chained and trapped in the bathroom with Jigsaw watching on the video camera). The gruesome scenes are rather intense, so those that have weak stomachs, watch out. Otherwise, grab a bowl of popcorn, cuddle with a blanket and a boyfriend (or girlfriend), and let the games begin!
 In this bone chilling, nerve wracking, and nail biting thriller, two men awake in a disgusting and rotting public bathroom unaware of why they are there. Togehter they must piece together all the little clues that are left fo tem in order to find out who is doing this and why. This movie brings a new name to horror, and will have you on the edge of your seat throughout! However, the violence does get extremely brutal/graphic, so i would suggest you watch at your own risk. One last thing, this movie is CHOCK full of eerie seetings, and disturbing plot twists that will wring your stomach raw until you feel as though you might throw up.
 Roger Ebert is one of the greatest movie critics we have today (far superior to Leonard Maltin in every regard). Having said that I would like to disagree with his review of David Lynch's 'Blue Velvet'(a film which evokes some of Ebert's favorite film noirs as well as a sort of detatched German expressionest feel - familiar to those who have seen the films of film-makers like Herzog. One thing I really like is the deliberate symbolic nature of the movie (it almost is a parady of itself at times - the darkness underneath all things - the ants that are crawling beneath the soil. I also like Lynch's choice of actors the naive Laura Dern and Kyle Michlouglin and how they are drawn to the dark sides of things - which encompass both the likes of the Isabella Rosellini character (who also is kind of innocent in a twisted way) and Frank (Dennis Hopper) the very depiction of evil.  Though I can identify with Ebert just not liking the film (I detest everything Tarantino has done) - I personally find this film to be very meaningful - and in a way funny.  Lynch is possibly the only American film maker (right now) that I truly admire - he completely opens himself up in his films - truly uncompromising.
 Upon returning to his seemingly quiet and peaceful hometown of Lumberton Jeffrey Beaumont learns in a rather painful sort of way that Lumberton isn't so swell after all. Meet Frank Booth, played by Dennis Hopper. It is Hopper's character that makes the entire movie. And without giving too much away, Frank is not exactly an outstanding member of the Lumberton community and his actions will certainly gain the viewer's strict attention. Booth and Beaumont together have an unhealthy fascination with lounge singer Dorothy Vallens, played by Isabella Rossellini. In addition to its graphic imagery, the movie's dialogue is phenomenal and even worth mentioning in social gatherings. Even if you, the reader, are not as taken away by David Lynch films (as I am) at least watch 'Blue Velvet' for the interaction and dialogue between Jeffrey and the various elements of the Frank Booth crime syndicate - "What's your name neighbor? And please, pay attention to Paul (played by Jack Nance) as well as the lady dancing on the roof of the car to Roy Orbison's 'In Dreams' as Jeffrey receives the beating of a lifetime.
 Often the special editions of dvds aren't worth the extra cash, but this one is! The extras are really fascinating and this edition in particular contains some really neat easter eggs.
 Yes, I was a little disapointed that the deleted scenes were just filmographed stills to creepy music, but it seems insignificant when compared to what else this DVD offers.  Like a feature length documentary on this artistic but unpretentious, outworldy sick and strange but jovial guy and his best movie to date.  It's also funny to watch Ebert berate the movie while totally missing the point of the film, complaining about the violent sex scenes and disregarding the better, more significant aspects of the film.  For those who think Lynch's movies are a bit esoteric and experimental for your tastes, this is probably the most grounded with the most coherent style.  It's like they took an Ed Wood film and crossbred it elements of Salvador Dali and William S. Burroughs.  It's a lot more cohesive than Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive, but doesn't totally sap Lynch's style like Dune.  It's absurdly mysterious, disturbing, and gut wrenchingly hilarious all at the same time.  Definitely worth every penny.
 Funny, dark, and disturbing, this film is actually an adult fable masquerading as an avant garde art-house film. The film's protagonist, played by Kyle MacLachlan, encounters not only the darkness lying beneath  the facade of his small town, but also within himself. Beautifully shot  and choreographed, the film will astound and amaze. Although it's one of my  favorite films, it is by no means for everyone -- graphic scenes of  sexuality and violence abound. Isabella Rosellini and Dennis Hopper are  wonderfully cast and Laura Dern plays her role to perfection. Blue Velvet  is probably one of the most unique films you'll ever see.
 blue velvet is a cinematic masterpiece almost without peer.  david lynch has taken a small safe town from americas suburbs and has turned it into a festering hole for evil and all of its henchman.  he explores the duality  of man and woman using some of the most perfectly portrayed characters ever  created.  david lynch dares the viewer to hang in there and think for  themselves.  besides all of the above mentioned blue velvet has all of the  cream of the crop, much repeated, and criminally hard to forget lines ever  written.  these lines are also delivered by the best actors and actresses,  and for this blue velvet deserves to be seen over and over scene by scene  forever.
 Viewed
 I've tried to describe some of the sections of this movie to people who have never seen it, and they just don't get it.  The character Frank, is truly frightening and disturbing.  The singing session in Frank's friend's apartment messes with your mind in an almost Fellini sort of way.  This is a movie which stays with you in so many ways and this edition is an amazing quality difference from what I've seen before.
 Many people praise films becuase of the impact it has had on their emotions. Many also praise films because of the true meaning that underlies the imagery. Blue Velvet has made a busy man like myself sit and take the time to write a review. This film will open your eyes, change your perspective, and re-evaluate the things you take for granted everyday. I bought this David Lynch tour-de-force on a whim - I had been a fan of Eraserhead for a very long time and this masterpiece completely devoured me from the opening score. The imagery will literally rip your eyes open as the darkly melodic themes float around your visual shock.   First off, kudos to Dennis Hopper on portraying one of the most mind-blowing villians that I have had the pleasure of viewing- Frank Booth. From his shock-inspiring first appearance to his final demise he portrays what truely evil people fight with the most-themselves. His self-doubt is evident throughout the film and his choice of cover is a ruthlessness not seen since my first viewing of Max Cady in Cape Fear. From the way his face contorts when inhaling though his mask to his unstable, rage-driven personality, it is a performance like no other i have ever seen.   Speaking of great performances in this film, I cannot help but include my favorite seven minutes of the entire movie, led by none other than the great Dean Stockwell. His portrayal of "Suave Ben", Frank's pansexual partner in crime, will haunt your mind for days. I could not believe how disturbing his character was. The man that i had watched in so many Quantum Leap episodes literally blew me away with such a bizarre and terrific semi-cameo appearance. Watch how him and Frank interact in that short sequence- it is blatantly obvious that Frank looks up to Ben and we are only left with our ideas as to what kind of person Frank would admire. Chilling, indeed.   In closing, Blue Velvet will give you an entirely different feeling the next time you listen to Bobby Vinton's song of the same name.  PS- As I had mentioned Eraserhead before, watch for Jack Nance's fiendish little role as Paul, one of Frank's thugs.
 *Blue Velvet* is an American underground classic, which was made in 1986 by a surrealist director David Lynch. One can admire it or denounce as a perverse *theater of cruelty*. The film is all about juxtaposed opposites. For starters, it features a music score based on the music of the Russian classical composer Dmitri Shostakovich, juxtaposed against American rock-and-roller Roy Orbison, which is a unique combination.  The main character of the movie - Jeffrey Beaumont - moves between two incompatible worlds
 Blue Velvet is not David Lynch's signature film; his signature film is Mulholland Drive. In descending order, my favorite Lynch films are Mulholland Drive, Lost Highway, The Elephant Man,Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks
 After his father has a stroke, clean-cut college student Jeffery Beaumont (Kyle McLaughlin) returns home to help out in his father's hardware store. While walking in a field one day, he discovers a severed ear which leads him and girlfriend, policeman's daughter, Sandy Williams (Laura Dern), on a Hardy Boys-esque investigation that takes them to the dark underbelly of their perfect American small town existence.  Imagine a 1930's film noir with sex and drugs, and the Hardy Boys as detectives, and you've got a pretty good idea of what this film is about. "Blue Velvet takes standard crime film elements that you have seen dozens of times before and combines them into one of the most original films you have ever seen in your life. The central theme of this film is the battle between all that is wholesome, or good and that which is corrupt, or evil. The side of good is represented by Jeffery Beaumont, sort of a real-world Frank Hardy and a forerunner to McLaughlin's "Twin Peaks character, Dale Cooper. Between Jeffery Beaumont and Dale Cooper, to me, McLaughlin is the face of innocence and this film is all about the loss of that innocence and its redemption. On the side of evil is drug-addicted, expletive-spewing Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), truly the most frightening and disturbing villain ever.  "Blue Velvet is a very nasty, in-your-face movie that is most certainly not for all tastes (I read on the internet that many people walked out when this film was first shown in cinemas and I can see why). It is also a very weird film (although, by the standards set by David Lynch's other movies, this film is positively normal) and many scenes in it are designed to be endured rather than enjoyed. Yet, unlike many other similarly dark films, I didn't come out of this film feeling dirty (something that I felt after seeing "Sin City"). I felt that, just like Jeffery Beaumont, I had journeyed to the underworld but had returned, and in the course of that return, any evil that I had encountered had been washed away. For this reason, if you do see this film, I recommend that you stay with it until the end. The middle might be bad, but in the end, all is restored.
 Blue Velvet is a masterpiece of modern cinema and neo-noir.  It is veiled in mysteries that I still have not cracked after 8+ viewings.  It is simply one of my favorite films.   Blue Velvet is a particularly well acted film, especially for an early David Lynch film (no offence David).  Dennis Hopper is incredible.  His role as Frank Booth has been ranked as one of the best villains in cinema history.  Isabella Rossellini also did a miraculous job as Dorothy Vallens.  Her portrayal, which even Roger Ebert found impressive, is sometimes heartbreaking and sometimes heartwarming, which is quite an amazing thing to accomplish in her first film role ever.   While Blue Velvet is one of David Lynch's more "conventional films, it still holds that mysterious aspect that David is so great at creating.  It contains little details that allow you to discover more with each viewing (SPOILERS*** such as
 Going into it, the less hype you hear, good or bad, the better. You hear all these things about "it and when you actually watch "it for the first time, all that profound analysis or whatever the kids are calling it nowadays can be not unlike a rowdy theater, full of a motely crew of chattering chatter boxes, all making their own shadow puppets on the screen and all in the discomfort of you're already crowded head device mark 12. This means this, that means that, this is wrong, thats right, Colonel Muster with the candle stick... aye yai yai, calgon take me away. Thankfully I saw this movie before I heard to much about it, or even Lynch himself for that matter (whom many seem to see as some kind of fly by night charlatan for some utterly creepy reason, I figure it's sexual jealousy). All I had was five bucks in my pocket, a blockbuster card, brutal loneliness and a heart full of napalm. It was like some bizzare friend I'd been waiting for without even knowing I was waiting, that was equally adept at making me laugh as making me cry, and in that, I am truly in debt to it in some zany, cooky kind of way. I can say without risk of hyperbole it was one of the most satisfying and powerful cinematic experiences I've had since I was a child (these results are not typical, no refunds.) It seems unfair that the only thing I can give back for that experience is mere praise (we'll try to work on that.)  If you have yet to watch it, stop reading all the reviews right now and see it for yourself. You may love it, you may hate it, you may have cheap sex with it and not call it the next day, but it's a swell enough movie to where those are largely the only choices you'll have, he said somewhat cautiously. True, there have been some wonderful and thought provoking things said about this film, in it's praise and in it's opposite, but they're not worth you're dime till you've seen it for you're self and have drawn you're own conclusions, and maybe not even then. For me, the film largely stops when the end credits run, and I don't need anybody telling me why I should like it or despise it, for I have seen the mountian, and it is good.  Many intellectual types (possibly qualified as hard nosed intellectual elitists, who, like red necks, despise what they can't understand.) can't stand Lynch because they have a hard time making heads or tails of his work, but oh the folly, if only they would sit back and allow themselves to feel the film, instead of trying to figure it out as if it is was as simple as some mathematical problem. They listen but they do not hear, eat but do not taste, shift but do no shimmy, etc. etc., blah, blah, blah. I don't care if it's all a gimmick or a bowl of broccoli, it's worth something to me.  In summary, I liked it very much, I'm glad it was made instead of not, and if you're cool, you'll like it too.  Viva La Blue Velvet and all it's mutant children.
 As a longtime fan of Lynch's work (notably Twin Peaks), I can easily say this is not only my favorite, but probably Lynch's best and most important. It is an American classic not in the usual sense of the word. It takes the cliched stereotypical setting of small town America and does what other similar films have repeatedly failed to do
 That line of dialogue from David Lynch's unquestioned masterpiece BLUE VELVET describes Lynch's film universe perfectly.  With the new SPECIAL EDITION dvd out we truly get a glimpse inside the making of a great film and how it can immediately be misunderstood by someone like Roger Ebert.  The behind the scenes documentary is great with interviews from many of the film participants.  To enter the world of David Lynch is to cross into an unknown vortex of subconscious desires, fears, and dreams.  The film brilliantly shows us the illusion of the perfect smalltown life vs. the city underworld right next door.  The images stay with you long after the movie is over.  Dennis Hopper is absolutely perfect in a harrowing, funny, and brutal psychopath filled with self loathing and anger.  I just saw a revival showing at a theater in Los Angeles and I highly recommend to anyone to see it in a theater if possible.  On the big screen the movie envelops you into its world from which there is no escape.  BLUE VELVET is definitely not for everyone, and that's ok.  Lynch wasn't trying to make a film for the masses, but rather as a complete personal expression in the movie art form.
 "Blue Velvet is one of the most intense flicks from our generation. Director David Lynch takes the pathetically naive and innocent and blends it with the completely demented and bizarre to create, in my opinion, the ultimate in modern-day film noir. Check this out
 a true American Classic-I eagerly anticipated the release of this DVD, the transfer is stunning, colors are lush and accurate, the sound is great.  My only criticism is the lack of English subtitles-only French and Spanish  subtitles are provided...at least you get the original theatrical  trailer...
 There really isn't anything more to say about this film that hasn't already been said, so I'll limit my comments to the quality of the DVD itself. First, I never saw this in theatrical release, so seeing it on DVD  in its original aspect ratio of 2.35
 The one thing that many people don't realize about this movie is that is essentially a retelling of the movie Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1941). Key clues
 The Blu-Ray of Blue Velvet is a welcome contribution to cinephile experience.  And the film is still strking and brilliant, funny and scary.  Loved seeing it in HD.
 David Lynch's 1986 crime-based mystery, "Blue Velvet", is a film that manages to still hold up in this day and age by being cast against the norm and using elements of surrealism as well as film noir.  The story told throughout focuses on a discovery made by college student Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) after visiting his father in the hospital, and when he finds a severed ear on his way home, things are not the same. With the help from a detective's daughter, Sandy Williams (Laura Dern), they manage to try to solve this mystery as much as they can, going as far as breaking and entering in singer Dorothy Vallens' (Isabella Rossellini) apartment complex. I won't go into further detail about the plot, and even if I did manage to spoil it, I still recommend you watch this film.  The acting is completely top notch here
 This is Lynch at his most classic and refined at the same time.  Though signs of Lynch's obsession to be weird are ever present, the story is layered and deeply symbolic.  This VHS recording means even more to me as it broke the night I lost my virginity, but that's another story.
 This has always been a unique crime movie, like no story I have seen before or since. In numerous ways, yes, it's a sick film...but utterly fascinating, even after a handful of viewings. It's a certainly a trademark of director David Lynch with its bizarre story and twists and strange characters. You can bet I'll re-purchase this again when it comes out on Blu-Ray (hopefully).  This movie has one of the most evil characters ever put on screen
 "Blue Velvet is a take on film noir with typical Lynch weirdness, unique atmosphere and breathtaking cinematic work. Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) comes home from college to visit his sick and bed-ridden father who had a tragic accident. Having made a startling discovery (to be more exact, a human ear lying in the grass), out of sheer boredom and driven by passion for adventure Jeffrey decides to proceed with this mystery and gets involved with a night-club singer Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rossellini) living in a shabby apartment building, which is somewhat incongruous to the sleepy suburban paradise of Lumberton.  Dorothy, a queer mixture, of "damsel in distress and "femme fatale", is in a middle of a life and death situation involving her husband and son. She is subjected to sexual abuse and other forms of violence by a psychopathic man named Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper) and his demented associates. Jeffrey's further investigation reveals that one of the police detectives is also involved in the criminal activities of the gang, and that means that he will have to deal with these people using his own resources. He confides in Sandy, a good-natured and sweet blonde, whose father is a hard-working and honest policeman.  Sandy is obviously fascinated by Jeffrey's recklessness, but her level-headed nature prevents her from becoming his full-time accomplice and ditching her boy-friend, at least, not until later on.  Stylistically, Blue Velvet is a precursor to Lynch's notorious collaboration with Mark Frost - TV series "Twin Peaks". These creations share a lot of elements including the small town setting, a dangerously attractive brunette, oldies often played under disturbing circumstances, dreamy angel-like singers (remember Julie Cruise in Twin Peaks), flame and even the famous red curtains. Although "Blue Velvet is just a thriller without any supernatural context, somehow you expect the Dwarf to pop up and start dancing at any time.  The blue velvet is a leitmotif of the film. "Blue Velvet is a song that Dorothy has to perform in a club every night looking straight in the eyes of her tormentors. Dorothy also wears a blue velvet gown at home, and Frank has a fetish for blue velvet using it in his perverted sexual games. Blue velvet is a symbol of mystery, obsession and hidden passions lurking beneath the exterior of men.  Lynch uses different colors for the scenes taking place in the normal world of American suburbia versus Dorothy's apartment or Ben's house. Lumbertown is depicted as idyllic joyful place with bright yellow tulips against the white fence and  bright green grass. Everything involving Dorothy or the criminals is shot either in the darkness or unnaturally striking colors. The director makes an interesting application of the contrast between the two women in protagonist's life. Dangerous and seductive Dorothy is a voluptuous brunette wearing blue or red gowns, whereas Sandy is a slender blonde, your typical American next door cheerleader.  Kyle MacLahlan is cute, adorable and gives an incredibly convincing performance. His love-making scenes with Rossellini are tasteful, beautiful and disturbing at the same time. Rosselini was quite adequate, especially if we take into account the complexity of the character, but I couldn't get rid of this thought in the back of my head that Sherilyn Fenn would have been much more memorable. Perhaps, I am irreparably spoiled by Twin Peaks... However, Rossellini's was Lynch's favorite at the time, so we can understand being a little bit biased here. Dennis Hopper is way over the top as Frank Booth, being psychotic, violent and pitiful at the same time.  His every appearance on the screen is a an avalanche of emotions, swear-words and craziness. He is a dangerous man and Jeffrey who stepped in his way knows that the only way for him to stay alive is to eliminate Frank.  Lynch decided to end this flick on a joyful note. Everything goes back to normal in Lumberton, Jeffrey and Sandy will probably go on to have a long and wholesome life together with children on the way. Dorothy is hugging her son in the final moments of the movie, and the robin as the symbol of good is devouring the bug just as in Sandy's dream.  However, despite the obviously happy ending and triumph of the good over the evil, the final scenes have such a dream-like and surreal quality that one cannot help suspecting that something bad is doomed to happen again. With Lynch you never know for sure...
 Blue Velvet is my favorite David Lynch film, and one of my favorite films of all time. In many ways it's a disturbing film, but not so much because of the violence (compared to today's standards), but because of the characters and the darkness of the human condition that they expose. It's worth watching Dennis Hopper channel Frank Booth, the sociopathic drug dealer who pretty much owns the film. Also great are Dean Stockwell, Isabella Roselinni, Kyle McLaughlin, and Laura Dern, all great actors and actresses who make the film the classic that it is. A must for film students.
 .....because, believe it or not, evvy small US town seems to have its underbelly. In fact, I'd venture to say, the more  perfectly white-picket fenced  a community is, the more bizarre its underbelly. In my opinion, this is Lynch at his best, being that  Twin Peaks  culminated in undecipherable and hard to watch absurdist cinema, and  The Lost Highway  is way too non-linear...fans of that film must find the current  Momento  simply fabulous. More power to them.  Blue Velvet  is good because of the pacing....it does not try to pack in too many details and mental cul-de sacs for the viewer. It has straight ahead suspence that slowly builds from  the severed ear found in the field to its scenes of MacLachlan peeking through the apartment closet shutters, and his confrontation with Hopper and Stockwell (in creepy roles essentially reprised by Loggia and Robert Blake in  The Lost Highway ...done better by Hopper and Stockwell) and to its final wild scene. Each moment of the story seems to get bleaker, moodier and creepier, but there are no wild skips in continuity. And there are no supernatural monsters here. Just the human kind of monster... It is very difficult to watch because we identify with MacLachlan's college Hardy Boy so much and our sense of what's so called normal and right makes what we see in this Lynchian Travel in Hyperreality so disturbing.  I've seen this thing several times and still, it gets to me...
 David Lynch in this film is typically himself 
 You could have so many arguments about Blue Velvet to the  point of getting into a fist fight. Personally, I think it's the best movie ever made. It changed my whole perception of a film. The surreal opening sequence with the picket fence with Bobby Vinton's  Blue Velvet  (re-mixed by Lynch, sounding distant and bumped up from B-flat to B), may be the most beautiful few seconds of film one could see. Anyway, this film divided the critics, and that's why I love it. If you were to ask me what kind of movie Blue Velvet is, I'd say, beautiful, disturbing, uniquely funny, suspenseful. Lynch creates two worlds here, with two girls, and a young man who is the arbitrator of the two who loses his innocence. With Laura Dern, you could turn your TV set to Black and White and think the film was made in the 50s (aside from Jeffery's ear-ring and hip 80s haircut). When Dorothy and Frank enter the picture, it's just...unbelievable. This is ground breaking cinema. No picture has ever boasted so much of a contrast between day and night, good and evil. No film has been made like this, and ever will be. Much symbolism well classifies the film as an contemporary art. Love it or leave it. It will always be talked about.  Bravo, Lynch. You've changed my whole perception of cinema and my outlook on small towns.  See it. You won't forget it.
 That's "Blue Velvet she's singing, and that's blue velvet he's got in his  mouth. Dennis Hopper combines pure evil with moral degeneracy in a style  not to be forgotten in this original shocker from David Lynch.  The  juxtaposition of the sleepy logging town with the depraved Hopper and his  sick crew really makes the evil stand out.  Laura Dern, playing a  fifties-style sweetheart, is likewise an apt foil for the compromised and  befouled Isabella Rossellini (Ingrid Bergman's daughter, lest we forget)  who plays a small town chanteuse with some very kinky sexual needs.  Kyle  MacLachlan stars as a Nancy Drew wanna-be who gets in a couple of fathoms  over his head. The plot is as clever as the devil, surprising us at  several turns, yet at no time does it go beyond anything reasonable.  The  characters are vivid, memorable and entirely believable.  This is very  close to a great movie.  To nit-pick I'd have to say that the feel good  resolution could have used a touch of Tabasco, and I was a little annoyed  at being lead to believe that the father was a bad cop; in fact I have the  feeling that Lynch had another ending in mind but gave us the old style  Hollywood finale as a second thought. Rossellini and her apartment-a  simple, but exquisitely designed set-will probably stay with me through the  next millennium.  Also indelible is Hopper sucking on oxygen or nitrous to  turbo himself up to do dirty deeds.  The bit from Dean Stockwell as the  clown-faced gay, lip syncing a Roy Orbison tune as we wait to see what he  and Hopper are going to do to MacLachlan, made my skin crawl.
 David Lynch's masterpiece film, Blue Velvet is an overpowering look at the evil that lurks amongst the normalities of everyday life.  Boiled down to the basics, Blue Velvet is a good-guys vs. bad-guys crime story, but the  subplots and emotional tensions create a film unlike any I have ever seen.  This is not a film for those who are easily disturbed by troubling images,  however, I think that anyone who watches it must be impressed by its total  originality in the way it tells a story.  As a matter of fact, this  film is much more accessible to film lovers than many of Lynch's other  films, in that the underlying plot is actually very straight-forward, and  wraps up in a logical conclusion.  Compare this to the mish-mash of  something like Lost Highway, and it is easy to see why Blue Velvet has been  hailed as such a brilliant piece of work.  I must admit that the acting  (except for Dennis Hopper's tremendous performance) overall is not of the  highest caliper, but the overall force of the story renders this a moot  point.  This is a great movie, and any film lover who has not yet seen it  should check out this fine DVD edition.
 This is the movie that made me a fan of David Lynch. Contains all the elements of a typical David Lynch film; erotism (to a kinky level), soft violence action and a soft exotic melody that remains in your mind.  Isabella Rossellini is marvelous with her uncommon and unbeatable beauty.  This movie can be classified as a classic that must be present in every  collectors shelf
 The elusiveness and the mystery; the violence and the surrealist  nightmares; the loneliness and the cruelty; the curiosity and the poignancy will be the crossed elements of that dreamy puzzle.  A human ear will be the first clue in the crime scene who will lead to a couple of youngsters to make a journey to a restricted land. The slow agony of lonely singer, the abominable presence of a kidnapper drug dealer, a bunch of human specters, a bit of amylic anhidride and a bitter portrait of an agonic world will make of this picture a real cult movie that grows and grows through the years.  David Lynch confessed in a interview that four crucial sequences were inspired by his personal dreams. So, that' s why I respect so much  Lynch ' s aesthetics, he is one the genuine descendent of that so far German Expressionism Movement being Murnau, Fritz Lang, Robert Wiene, Paul Wengerer and King Vidor his more excel  ambassadors. So in my personal opinion I recommend you to take a ride by those important and decisive years to find the visual clues, the body language and the imagination force and then back to Lynch. Otherwise you may misunderstand or worst still underrate the underground labyrinths, fundamental trademark  of this original and innovative creator.
 BLUE VELVET, at its core, states a simple case
 I just recently saw this film but there have been years where people have talked about it, referenced it in conversation but I haven't seen until recently and I can say that it's a film that's had me focusing on Lynch's style of directing. This is the second Lynch film that I've seen. I saw DUNE which he wouldn't even lend his name too. In comparing both films, I would say that both seem to have a dark taint to them. Well this film had an overthetop performance by Dennis Hopper as Frank Booth, the film actually became more interesting with his performance. The surreal scene at the bordello was the highlight of the movie.
 Blue Velvet is among the most effective two hours of film ever made.  The story of a young man on break from college who goes back to his home town to help out in his father's hardware store seems innocent enough.  But by the time he is being held and beaten by drug addled lunatics while overweight floozies dance on the top of the car to Roy Orbison music you know you are in some very dark and sinister territory. Dennis Hopper gets under your skin and you fear him as much as any monster or villian in film history.  He is a madman with limitless rage and what's worse is he has an equally freaked out entourage that seem to encourage him to ever more sadistic behavior. The truly amazing thing about Blue Velvet is how it draws such sharp contrasts.  Laura Dern is just a normal high school girl, but compared to Hopper's character she is as wholesome as an angel.  She represents decency and goodness and lends temporary relief from the madness of the film. But by the third act, the director throws these contrasts together and the movie erupts with intense drama. The scene where Jeffrey has Laura Dern and Isabella Rossellini together in the car and Laura Dern's character finally realizes the truth of their relationship is simply fantastic.  You want to crawl under your sofa and hide your head, but you absolutely must keep watching. And then after all is said and done, you remember the quiet little moments.  Ahhh...heineken.
 Great blu ray of one of David Lynch's best films. Extras are the same from the MGM DVD, except for the addition of 50 mins of newly discovered lost footage, which is actually in the bonus features section and not in the film. I didn't notice that at first.  Worth it to pick up for the better picture quality and the additional footage which is being seen for the first time on Blu Ray! I myself bought this on a whim, already owning the DVD. The differences in the picture/audio are minor, with slight improvement to both.  I had my fingers crossed for an audio commentary of some kind, but alas no luck.  RIP Dennis Hopper.
 This is David Lynch and Dennis Hopper's masterpiece performances.  You can watch this movie 10 times...and still catch something you missed previously.  For the noobs, reading this review...this movie is FILLED TO RIM with symbolism.  From the start, to the finish...there is symbolism throughout the movie.  If you watch and missed that....watch it again, only more carefully.  This movie is a MUST on any movie buff shelf.  Thank god, it's finally on Blu-Ray.  I love how David puts Roger Ebert's clearly retarded and clueless review on every release.  David clearly laughs as hard or harder than I do everytime I see it.
 I wonder how David Lynch's mother felt when she saw this story pour out of her darling son's mind.  If she's anything like David himself, I'm sure she was extremely proud.  Lynch made one of the best films of the 1980s when he completed Blue Velvet.  This is one of those movies that is so powerful and visually stunning that you can't help but involve yourself with it's sick and strangely motivated characters.  When watching this you will cringe, you will grind your teeth, and you will find yourself with a disturbed look on your face...and Lynch wouldn't want it any other way.   This film is a fusion of neo-noir style, art-house poetry, heart-stopping suspense, and sadistic erotica.  It's not for all tastes, but should be viewed by anyone who's willing to give up two hours and think for a little while.  What does Lynch have to say about society today?  Not much that is positive, let me tell you.  But he doesn't shove it in your face, he lets the viewer determine how he feels through examining the actions of the characters caught in the web of criminal activity and violent sexuality that the film offers.  You may not be smiling after watching this movie, but I do promise you two things
 David Lynch's films are truly unique in every possible way. Perhaps one of the most singular cinematic voices in the entire short history of films. I watched the movie, Blue Velvet, for the first time recently. The film was made in the eighties, but it didn't feel a day too old. The first time of watching Dennis Hopper's character ghastly screaming the words  Baby wants to fxxx  is a disturbing, moving, but nonetheless unforgettable experience. The audience is placed in the same shoes as the wide-eyed MacLachlan's character
 Blue Velvet is easily David Lynch's finest creation, but it may also be the best movie I have ever seen. Lynch has always had a impressive ability to create beautiful and haunting scenes in film.  His major fault is that he often has trouble inserting these scenes into a coherent, meaningful film.  However, this is not the case with Blue Velvet, which is tightly put together.  Indeed, his technical mastery and focus on his story rivals Hitchcock's best in my opinion (and the influence of Hitchcock subtly permeates the film). It seems that many critics have missed the mark in Lynch's almost unbearably sacharine presentation of small town America.  They interpret this as a tongue in cheek attack, and claim that the following deviance we see in the film is an indictment of the sordid underbelly that lies beneath all such communities.  In my opinion this could not be further from the case.  Lynch beleives in pure goodness as an idea, and in many of his projects he creates a small town that is literally dripping with basic, simple human kindness (the kind of way we saw life when we were young, playing at our grandmothers before we knew about sex, murder, death, drugs and such 'adult' things). Lynch likes to insert beside such idyllic settings their opposite
 I didn't read all the customer reviews, but I scanned about 50 of them and the featured review, and did not see one mention of the fact that Frank Booth is a very very funny character. Even Kyle MacLachlan, in an interview on the DVD version, said that he was supposed to be scared but found Dennis Hopper too funny to be afraid.  I sample
 Blue Velvet, like so many of Lynch's movies, is multi-layered.  On the surface, it portrays (with subtle humor and some strange twists of reality) a Norman Rockwell type town and its disturbing under belly.  It is also a coming of age story for the main character played by Kyle MacLachlan as he wrestles with his lust for an older woman (Isabella Rossellini) and his feelings for a young high school girl (Laura Dern).  It also has elements of a morality play when the outstanding villian played by Dennis Hopper enters the fray.  Underneath it all though, there's always the thought that David Lynch might just be mocking our picturesque ideas of small town life.
 How does one describe Blue Velvet? Disturbing, entertaining, romantic (yes, I did say romantic), mysterious, brilliant. Those words all describe Blue Velvet. This is a masterpiece of cinema. With all of David Lynch's brilliance, he has or may never touch a film this great again. Dennis Hopper. Why isn't this man in a category of the legends? Why isn't he revered as much as Pacino, DeNiro or Nicholson? Dennis Hopper can take the most wacked-out roles and transform them into legendary villains (Speed, Apocalypse Now). Kyle MacLachlan does an incredible job with his protagonistic role as does Laura Dern, playing the innocent virgin. Isabella Rossellini is also incredible as the victim, and there is always the cast of crazy characters David Lynch is famous for (Dean Stockwell, Jack Nance, to name a few). But the show is stolen by the script and cinematography. The scene of Dean Stockwell's lip sync is one of the greatest scenes in the history. It's why we have film. Plus, extra mention should me made about the score. Blue Velvet is not for the kids. It has graphic language, nudity and some violent moments not for the squeamish. But if you're in the mood to be disturbed, Blue Velvet is the movie for you.
 'Blue Velvet' is a Douglas Sirk melodrama recast as a Surrealist film noir.  I had thought that the film might have dated, that David Lynch's bugs-beneath-the-smiling-small-town-facade worldview had long since passed into self-parody, but Lynch was never much interested in social criticism.  What may be fascistic violence, misogyny and abuse of physical vulnerability in the film's surface crime narrative becomes liberating when seen in its true dream colours, as elements of the hero's unconscious.  The film begins with the hero's father, connected to candy-coloured images of suburban, robotic conformity, suffering from a stroke.  Freed from this paternal authority, Jeffrey begins exploring the dreamscape of his own desires, falling for women under male control (trying to assert Oedipal primacy), testing various kinds of sexual experience, facing a world of metamorphosing identities and locations.  This only remains possible so long as his father is in a coma - once he resumes control, the deviant can be suppressed, and automated complacency restored. 'Velvet' is a frightening but hilarious black comedy - from the dog gulping hose water over a stroke victim (a different - or related? - kind of unconscious) to earnest medical discussions about a severed ear to Dennis Hopper's pre-camp violence to Isabella Rossellini's 'Bride of Frankenstein' strapping to an ambulance stretcher.  Andre Breton once defined black humour as the key Surrealist characteristic, and 'Velvet' is, after 'Vertigo', the greatest Surrealist film of the American cinema, from its interior spaces evoking the paintings of de Chirico and Magritte, and the dream-imagery of corridors, stairs and doors (as portals to another world; as embodiments of (female) sexuality, especially Dorothy's bathroom and her urethral nightclub stage) to the dream-logic of the plot, with its emphasis on the nocturnal; on unconscious walking; on repetition; on the fetishised focus on items of clothing, lips, colours etc.; on the existence of various worlds in a circumscribed space, like the conflicting desires in our mind. 'Velvet' is Lynch's most successful film because it is structured by genre.  At one point Sandy asks Jeffrey whether he is a detective or a pervert; both types are defined as voyeurs.  Jeffrey belongs to the great tradition of anti-detectives headed by 'Vertigo''s Scottie Ferguson, men who believe they are solving a crime in the external world, but are really getting lost in their own mind.  The detective might seem to be the 'reality principle' opposed to the liberation of Surrealism, but there are points in common - the interpretation of visual clues, the search for an elusive ojbect, the playing with time and space.  Ultimately, however, the restitution of order must mean death to Dream and Desire.   What makes 'Velvet' more successful than most Surrealist films is character - although Frank (surely an outcast from Celine, or the Wizard in this twisted return to Oz?) and the rest are figments of Jeffrey's unconscious, they are fully-formed and compelling in their own right.  Lynch's visuals are so unforgettable and potent, it is easy to overlook the unnerving genius of his sound-designs, the hyper-reality of 'real' or background sound, the menacing atmospherics and Hollywood pastiche in Badalamenti's score or the brilliantly destabilising use of familiar pop standards.  'Velvet' was the first 'serious' film I ever saw - looking back at it over a decade later, I hadn't realised how much it had infiltrated my own unconscious and private mythology.
 "Blue Velvet is one of the best movies of all time. David Lynch is Hollywood's finest director, and "Blue Velvet is his best work. "Blue Velvet is a shocking, disturbing, and yet brilliant masterpiece telling the tale of a hidden world that could exist in every small town. It greatly portrays how a seemingly nice neighborhood can be a portal into a world of unimaginable perversions. Kyle McLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, Dennis Hopper, and Laura Dern all give brilliant performances. Kyle McLachlan is brilliant in the role of Jeffrey Beumont. He portrays his journey from boyhood into manhood with great poise. He has an air about him that portrays his loss of innocense greatly. Isabella Rossellini in her third film of her career took on a most challenging role of Dorothy Vallens. The seemingly perfect, yet tortured nightclub singer. She handled the many challenges of her role like a true actress. Dennis Hopper is just plain scary in this movie. His portrayal of Frank Booth is one that could not have been handled by any other actor. Hopper had recently come out of drug rehab, and was encouraged not to take this role. Because playing a violent, ritualistic sadist would not help his image with the public. But Hopper took the role because he believed in the story. All of the actors did, because due to many circumstances in making a film so original, the actors basically did this movie for free. Exactly like the actors in the recent movie "Monster's Ball David Lynch was nominated for Best Director at the 1986 Academy Awards, but did not win. I feel that is a crime in every sense. You can't make a movie like "Blue Velvet and not be a genius, and that is what Lynch is. He is a genius and a visionary in every sense of the word. His careful attention to detail, makes his movies cinematic masterpieces. All of the main actors in "Blue Velvet McLachlin, Rossellini, Hopper, and Dern all deserved Oscar nominations, but were snubbed by the Academy. What a shame that when a truly brilliant movie comes around like "Blue Velvet that it is ignored because it is so original. "Blue Velvet will give you a new meaning to the words 'movie masterpiece' and will take you on a wild ride that you will never forget. "Blue Velvet is moviemaking at its very best.
 David Lynch's at once quirky and psychotic film making style is perfectly suited for the innocence vs. corruption dynamic that is this movie's theme. This is often considered Lynch's masterpiece and despite its undeniable weirdness, is mostly praised by critics, with the glaring ommission of Roger Ebert, who dismissed it on a strange moral ground. He found the mix of abused, naked women and jokey satire offensive. Rumor has it that Lynch wanted to film this in black and white at first, which, in my opinion, would have been a terrible mistake and obscured the light-dark parallel. Lynch's use of color is well done, and pleases the eye. Maltin was right about the necessity of seeing this in a widescreen format as well -- it really comes through in the spacious apartment scenes.  The performance of Dennis Hopper in this film is outstanding, ludicrous, and hillarious (depending on your sense of humor). Oxygen-toting, obscenity-spewing Frank Booth gave me newfound respect for an actor that I found just irritating in the past. Great film.
 (Hmmm...I'll try and keep this under 5,000 words! ) I never got into the laserdisc thing (too bulky and expensive) so up until now I've never seen anythng but the pan and scan version of this film.  The widescreen version  illustrates Lynch's masterful use of the Cinemascope format, he uses every  inch of the frame.  Lynch is a true master of the cinema, and is arguably  the best and most under-rated director of our time.  (The succesor to  Kubrick, perhaps?)  Seeing Blue Velvet like this adds so much more  dimension to the film...the picture and sound were incredibly crisp, one of  the best I've seen on DVD.  The only complaint is with the annoying case  this movie was put in...you need to pinch the center with two fingers while  popping the disc out with a 3rd finger.  Very annoying, and it seems like  one day I'm going to break the disc while taking it out.  So to the  studios...DONT MAKE THIS CASE ANYMORE!  Anyway, that obviously is not a  reason to avoid this DVD.  Definitely not for the faint of heart...after I  watched this film with my girlfriend, she became incredibly paranoid for  the rest of the night!  (I think Frank Booth did that...) This film and  Lost Highway are must haves for first time Lynch viewers.
 This is the best black and white film ever made in color. The movie opens with a disembodied ear. David Lynch is telling you to listen, as well as watch. The soundtrack manipulates the mind as much as the images themselves.
 this movie is a classic mind bender! if you like david lynch's other stuff, like lost highway or wild at heart, you will like this. oh, mommy! ;)
 I really love this movie. David Lynch has always done a great work. David Lynch is my favorite director and I love all of his movies. But this is maybe the best he has ever done. Dennis Hopper plays better then ever. It's always fun to see Jack Nance who has been in almost every Lynch film. He had the leading part Lynch's first movie "Eraserhead". This movie talks about all the evil in this world and it's really scary. A movie that every filmfan should see.
 Before  Blue Velvet  the cinema was a child... after it was an adolescent.
 I think no other filmmaker in modern times has had their work analyzed and intelectualized as much as David Lynch.  I'm not saying his work doesn't sometimes call for heavy conversations about the nature of reality, but sometimes understanding a lynch film takes nothing more than just allowing yourself to be immersed in the mood.  That being said, i think this film is the best introduction to the Lynch Universe.   People will call this movie weird and confusing, but i think anyone who is confused by it must be suffering from a short attention span.  The story is very simple, and at times coincidental.  The tougher (yet not impossible) part, is picking up on the things that aren't being said, such as why exactly Jeffery feels the need to observe the details of an ongoing police investigation from the inside, and what has made Dorothy so confused that she thinks the only thing that can bring her happiness is pain.  Its all about what lurks behind the curtain, its about who's hiding in the closet, its about what goes on underneath the mask of humanity.  Watching this film, you get to ride shotgun with Jefferey Beaumont as he peels the layers away little by little... and you may feel yourself becoming as much of a voyeur as he has become.
 I just recently saw David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  on the big screen (and in widescreen) for the first time.  Having seen it now in its original aspect ratio, I can't bear to go back to my pan-and-scan  videotape.  Thank goodness that it's coming out on DVD.   Blue  Velvet,  quite simply, is the best film of the 1980's; the only film  that comes close to it is Scorsese's  Raging Bull.    Blue  Velvet  was so ahead of its time when it was first released back in  1986.  In fact, it remains so today, judging by the bewildered faces of  people who were at the revival showing I attended.  The film precedes   American Beauty  in blowing the doors off of the closet that  Suburbia keeps its skeletons in, telling the story of a young college kid  who, after finding a severed human ear, gets caught up in murder and mayhem  in his hometown of  Lumberton USA.   Lynch goes to great  lengths to set up his picture-book depiction of small-town American life  (complete with bright red fire trucks, white picket fences, and blue skies)  before taking a wrecking ball to it.  Like he did in his debut,   Eraserhead,  Lynch shows us what we look like (tedium and all)  but purposely twists our view of it, like a mad optometrist giving us the  wrong eyeglass prescription.  Apart from the fine directing,  Blue  Velvet  boasts an excellent cast that delivers each line with patented  Lynch-quirkiness.  Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey Beaumont like a modern-day  Dante, travelling through the Inferno he never knew his hometown was.  Isabella Rosselini is spectacularly disturbing as Dorothy Vallens, a lounge  singer whose husband and son have been abducted.  Her character is a first
 There is no denying that writer/filmmaker David Lynch has always shown a consistency in creating films of ecstatic creepiness.  But its his venture to the surreal, dark and ominous settings that separate him from other filmmakers.  From his debut in 1977 with his surrealist film "Eraserhead which has become a cult classic, to the sci-fi film "Dune (1984) which paired him with actor Kyle MacLachlan for the first time,  the director would reach recognition for his TV series "Twin Peaks (1990-1991).  And since "Twin Peaks", David Lynch has done quite well for himself, especially establishing him as one of the most notable filmmakers and screenwriters in American cinema.  But if there is one film that fans of David Lynch have looked as a masterpiece in his oeuvre is the 1986 film "Blue Velvet".  A film that probably is best not explaining but more of experiencing for its dark, ambiguous yet astonishing nature.  Unpredictable and surreal, "Blue Velvet shows us a terrifying look at America in which characters may be normal during the day, but at night...Lynch unleashes paranoia and challenge your sensibility and quite literally... freak you out!  VIDEO
 Set in the quiet picture postcard logging community of Lumbertown, Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan), a somewhat naive and squeaky clean college boy, finds a severed human ear. Shocked and disturbed he reports it immediately to the police whilst, with the help of his girlfriend (Laura Dern), he begins his own investigation, which soon leads him into stumbling into the seedy and violent world of abused nightclub singer Dorothy (Isabella Rosellini) and drug-sniffing psychopath (Dennis Hopper).  This is the first movie in which David Lynch really showed us all his cards and united themes and imagery, now familiar to millions through the likes of Mulholland Drive, Wild At Heart and Twin Peaks. Although 16 years old, David Lynch's Blue Velvet has lost none of its shock value. It is still deeply and uniquely disturbing, at times incredibly surreal and utterly compelling viewing. Beautifully filmed and directed by Lynch, its aesthetic value is often deliberately at odds with the subject matter and it is a work of dark genius. It also features superb acting performances all round.  In particular, MacLachlan, Rosselinni, Dean Stockwell and Laura Dern shine, but it is Dennis Hopper's magnificent performance as a drug sniffing twisted psychopath that most people will remember. Bizarre and frequently haunting, beautiful but frequently surreal, this is a movie that will stay with you for a very long time and really is a must see!
 Blue Velvet may just be the largest Love/Hate Phenomenon in film history. You will either love it or hate. And after seeing the movie again yesterday, it's not hard to see why. The film has several scenes that reach the barrier of what a lot of viewers are willing to take. The movie never lets it's viewers off easily. It is violent, has several scenes that involve female degradation, and a villian who uses the "F word more times then any character I have ever seen in any movie.  This may not sound like an incredible film from my review. And I don't want to waste any space decribing the films main plot. David Lynch films are as unique as it gets. You have to see this film for yourself to decide whether or not you like it.  The film does pack some of the most well constructed suspense scenes I have ever seen. It features an incredible performance by Dennis Hopper. But the real reason to see the movie is the look and feel that the dvd version captures perfectly. The colors and imagery of this film will be burned into your retinas for weeks after you've watched it. From things as simple as roses and fire trucks, to underground bugs and construction yards this movie looks beautiful. So my best advice if you've never seen this movie is to rent it first. Like I said, people either love it or hate it, Im part of the former group. Overall Rating
 I hated it.  I really did.  I was deeply offended by this film when I first saw it.  It disturbed the hell out of me, in all the wrong ways.  Then I saw Lost Highway - a film that, it seems, everyone hated BUT me.  I thought it was a masterpiece of psychological horror; a real mind-bender with an extroardinary interior perspective on homicidal madness. So I got to thinking
 Although I was once inclined to agree with Roger Ebert's dismissal of "Blue Velvet as a shocking albeit skillful montage of pointless images and effects, I've had to do a 360 turnaround after seeing it on DVD and reconsidering it in relation to some similar texts.  The film certainly makes sense in comparison with a quest narrative such as Hawthorne's "Young Goodman Brown and in light of Freud's ideas about love as well as Nietzsche's thoughts on the Dionysian self.  It's also a film that pays constant homage to Hitchcock's best work, notably "Rear Window and "Psycho, in its preoccupation with spectator psychology. The most important lines occur early in the film when the protagonist, Kyle MacLachlan, tells Laura Dern that he needs to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Isabella Rosselli because "knowledge requires risk but with the possible reward that "you might learn something. By the end of the narrative, MacLachlan's character should have learned a lot, but here's where Lynch flinches, much like Robert Altman in the conclusion to "The Player. MacLachlan emerges neither a sadder nor wiser man from his rite of passage and his descent into the dark corners of the psyche. Instead, Lynch cynically reprises the film's innocent opening with its hopelessly artificial, Pollyannish, pastoral idyl that is most likely the preferred reality of the American mainstream movie consumer.  At the same time, he preserves the tenuousness of such a naive vision with the shot of an insect impaled on a robin's beak and with a soundtrack that subjects the theme song to a disturbing treatment out of some internal, subterranean sound studio. The film's meanings are inexhaustible, though a few important details should not be missed.  Jeff confronts, first, mortality (his father stricken by a life-threatening stroke), then a severed, decaying human ear. The ear, the organ of hearing, is also the sense that fully awakens only in the dark, granting access to the Dionysian, deep intuitive wellsprings of the self. But the ear we see on screen has become a diseased, useless instrument in a "sunny culture whose idea of music is Bobby Vinton's version of "Blue Velvet. Rossellini's alternative version of the song, with all of its sensuous, alluring darkness, will draw MacLachlan in to the same degree that it repells girl friend Dern (contrast this relationship with that of Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly in "Rear Window, where Kelly becomes increasingly drawn to the voyeuristic and "ghoulish activity initiated by Stewart). Soon MacLaclan will discover the love substitutes embodied by both Rossellini and Hopper--the sadism and masochism, fetishism and scopophilia that, like it or not, are present in every son and daughter who has inherited from birth and learned from upbringing the pleasure/pain principle that underlies even the most well-intentioned, "selfless love (the absence of any shown feelings between MacLaclan and either parent is another tip-off to the basis of his attraction to the dominitrix/sex slave character played by Rossellini).  As for the "villain, the foul-mouthed Dennis Hopper did not seem so frightening or repelling to me on this viewing.  If anything, he's less the personification of evil than another version of insecure, overcompensating macho desire, perhaps better seen as a projection of the searching MacLachlan than as anybody's nemesis. Lynch must know the risk, and even believe in the necessity, of coming to terms with the feelings of a darker but far from inauthentic self.  MacLaclan tells the naive, shielded and conventional Dern from the beginning that it's extremely dangerous business. But the alternative is a Salem where everybody is "good, a Lumberton where people get sick but never die, a Disney fantasy that can exist only in artificial movies.  I still think that "Blue Velvet (in fact, most any other film since 1980) is eclipsed by his own "Elephant Man, where the camera takes us into the eye-hole and interior world of John Merrick, whose world we discover is also ours.  But "Blue Velvet is a more personal film, revealing not simply the mind of its creator but capturing a distinctively American experience.
 David Lynch is without a doubt  the most brilliant talent in the movie business. His movies are always crafted with intelligence and bizarre creativity.  Blue Velvet  is one of the most original and  fascinating movies I've ever seen. It is dark, funny, and very disturbing.  The seemingly perfect town has an eerie sense of similarity to small towns  everywhere. Nothing out of the ordinary on the surface of this littlle  place, but underneath lies something far more sinister. A lounge singer's  husband and son have been kidnapped by a lunatic and he wants this poor  woman to perform sexual tasks for him. And in the middle of this is an  innocent and curious college student who's life is altered forever when he  discovers the secrets. He falls for this abused woman who is coming apart  from the terrible tragedy that she has endured. Can he help? Will the  madman have mercy and let her family go?  This film is a fantastic look at  the suffers ordinary people have to survive when unordianry circumstances  are thrown their way. David Lynch is a master of modern art. He shatters  molds and boundries and has become the most creative and talented director  in film.
 David Lynch is not a director that's easily acceptable or digestable to all. He appeals to a select few that share in a particular taste and look for something more challenging than traditional multiplex fare. His films do not allow for passive viewing or popcorn munching- they demand you to be in tune to every stimulus and many hours of thought and conversation after the experience has ended.  "Blue Velvet is maybe the best of his films for the reason that it's more accesible than "Eraserhead", better than almost everything else (with "Mulholland Drive in contention), and features maybe the greatest villian in movie history.  What I love about this movie is that at its core it's very much a love story, though an unconventional one. It's a waking nightmare about obsession. There is a message about heartbreak and longing that "The Notebook and "Pretty Woman could never come close to touching.  The movie is not as strange or inaccessible as people would have you believe. It just doesn't allow for comfortable or lazy viewing.
 (...)  Blue Velvet comes from my collection of Chinese bootlegs. My sister Bethany and her husband Brian are teaching English in China. Apparently you can purchase a wide assortment of DVD's there very cheaply. So I supply them with big lists of movies I'd like and when they come home they bring me a big stack. There are never any special features on the DVD's, but the picture is usually good and for $1 a piece, that's all I need.  Blue Velvet is dark, scary, freaky, and really good. Which is how you cold describe most of David Lynch's films. His films are often filled with symbolism and it is easy to finish one of his films and have no real idea of what actually happened. They usually take two or three viewings, and a little research to get a good idea what the movie is actually trying to convey. Blue Velvet has a simpler plot that can generally be understood at a basic level upon first viewing, but there is plenty of symbolism and deeper meaning to make it "enjoyable for further viewings. I put enjoyable in quotation marks because to many watching it is not an enjoyable experience. It is a movie deep seated in horror, with scenes that make you crawl under the covers and lock the doors. For the cinephile it is a type of pleasure to watch a lurid piece of cinema with enough depth to require multiple viewings. For the weekend movie watcher it is probably too much to stomach.  The film starts with an idyllic, picturesque small town. It's a town where every day has blue skies, manicured lawns, pretty flowers, and quiet simple people. Lynch fills the screen with gorgeous pictures straight out of fifties television shows. But this is a David Lynch movie and the pretty pictures don't last long. Quickly a nice old man who is watering his lawn falls down near death. The camera pans down past the convulsing man and deep into the grass. Digging into the earth until the camera is dark with freshly wet dirt and grotesque bugs. The idyllic town is only pretty on the surface. Underneath the top layer of goodness lies a darker, seedier town hidden from the eyes of most of its citizens.  The plot of the film revolves around Kyle MacLachlan and Laura Dern delving deeper and deeper into the darker side of the small town. MacLachlan finds a dismembered ear on his walk home from the hospital one afternoon. Finding such a macabre in his hometown sparks a quest to discover who's head the ear could belong to and why it was removed. He involves the good girl Laura Dern in his quest and they sink into darker waters. To tell more of the plot is to give away too much. I'll just say that it is not for the weak of heart.  Dennis Hopper plays one of cinemas creepiest villains to date. His psychosis is even more terrifying in that it is so real. Here is no Freddy Krueger, or even a Hannibal Lector. This is not some crazed psychopath lurking in the corner. Sure he is psychotic, and maniacal, but versions of him can be found almost nightly in any major city newspaper. He is not a homicidal maniac, but a violent, evil man made even more so by his addiction to unnamed drugs.  Isabella Rossellini plays Dorothy Valens with such beauty and sadness it breaks your heart as it squirms your stomach. Her character has taken such horrible abuse over her life she has come to like and enjoy it. Mixed with heavy amounts masochism her performance is remarkable.  There were several times while watching this with my wife, Amy that she said she couldn't keep watching it. After the credits rolled she said she would never watch it again. I suspect this is the sentiments of many viewers after watching Blue Velvet. But if you can stomach the violence, masochism and overall creepiness there is a lot of pure cinema to study.  (...)
 This is a great movie!  I recommend it to anyone not afraid of seeing something different.  However, I must plead with the filmmakers to release another DVD with more features.  Commentary, interviews, deleted scenes, anything!  This is one of those movies that lives on in the imagination long after you see it, and I am dying to here a real commentary by David Lynch about what it means to him.
 With eraserhead, the elephant man, and failed sci-fi epic Dune behind him, Lynch finally became what we associate him with today. In this movie he capture the unsecurity, hidden strangeness and illusionary safeness of  Any Town USA . It's a meeting of surreal, almost kafka-like labyrint fantasy and fifties-styled small town noir. The evil gangster leader (played by Dennis Hopper) bares smultarity with later Lynch monsters, for exampel BOB in twin peaks, and the mafia boss in Lost Highway. It's a thriller seen from the perspective of the naiv voyaeur. A thriller that does'nt give either psychological, political or social explenetaions, but rather scares us with it's total silence. When the movie is over, we can't really find out if the story is over. It ends where it begins, happy and colourful. But the little happy bird singing in the last scene is actually a mecanic toy. Where do we go from now?
 BLUE VELVET is one of the greatest horror films. As a portrait of madness, it ranks above something like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, for its principal madman is far more mundane and far less easy to understand than any clinically-described serial killer. David Lynch proved, with this film, that he is one of the world's best movie makers. I never fail to be amazed by this movie. The performances are excellent, each and every one, especially those by Laura Dern, Isabella Rosselini, Kyle Maclachlan, and the unbelievably frightening personna of Frank Booth as portrayed by Dennis Hopper, in what is likely his best film performance. Jack Nance and Brad Dourif have creepy roles as Hopper's side-kicks. If you've never seen this one, I heartily recommend it.
 This film is just plain amazing. Dennis Hopper's performance as Frank Booth is wonderful, along with Isabella Rossellini and Kyle MacLachlan who also star in this sick, twisted story viewed through the artistic eye of director, David Lynch...the story progresses into one of the strangest endings ever on film. Frank Booth is probably the greatest and coolest  bad guy  in any crime-drama film. Definitely worth every cent to buy this DVD.
 ..Blue Velvet..and so goes the title song. Bkue Velvet is a kind of movie  that, when it's watched on a surface is nothing more then a simplistic  detective thriller. But it is so much more, if you view this film with an  open mind and a keen eye you will be blown away by it's meriad of  subliminal metaphors and cryptic symbolism. A movie that will leave you  feeling a bit uneasy, yet satisfied, you will feel somethin after you see  Blue Velvet. David Lynch has a way about his films that draws you in and  never lets go, you are no longer sitting comfotably in your living room  chair, but instead you are thrust in to take on Denis Hopper's pure wrath  and evil and to weep for Donny..Blue Velvet will move you, wether you want  it to, or not.
 A must have for any movie collection.  Beware
 This is quintessential Lynch.  The characters are spellbinding.  The story is captivating.  It lacks the circular motif that appears so strongly in later works.  The film is unmistakably Lynch, but is likely to be appreciated by non-Lynch fans as well.  Kyle MacLachlan is his usual self.  I find him to be consistently and dependably good.  Anthony Hopkins delivers what I consider to be his most memorable performance.  His character achieves proportions that have been burned an impression in my mind that only deepens as I get older.  This is a keeper.
 It's odd how I got around to David Lynch.  I'd just started hanging out with the guy who is now my best friend and he borrowed me a VHS (remember them things?) copy of Wild at Heart.  Well, the head bashing was nice, but I couldn't make it through more than 30 minutes.  After that it kind of faded, I didn't even know the director at the time.  Fast forward to the release of Mulholland Dr.  My interest peaks, and is more than saturated with an overabundance of intense metaphorical symbols and brilliant casting.  So, I rent Blue Velvet and, my god, I got what I got from M.D. times 100.  Blue Velvet is, more or less, like watching a nightmare, like if Bunuel had raped Hitchcock after he had raped Herzog, or something along those lines.  This is what a gripping movie should be; intelligent, well written, and when it's over you think to yourself, "wait, it's over already, DAMNIT, GIMME MORE! (apparently it was originally around 4 hours long, but all the missing stuff has long since disappeared.)  The story is simple, and noirish, in the fact that it's a simple young man entering a world he had no clue existed, being shoved into the absurd, vile and deranged world of one particular fellow by the name of Frank, and his victims.  After my initial viewing of Blue Velvet I went for more Lynch; I was not disappointed in anything I saw, save for, haha, Wild at Heart which, to this day, I've not been able to get all the way through.  I can't help it, I hate Cage, I hate Elvis and I hate the Wizard of Oz.  I haven't seen Dune, and don't think I ever will...  I've seen Blue Velvet, i think, 4 times now, and I plan to view it many more times in the future.  and an additional note, Brad Dourif has THE coolest laugh ever.
 David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  is a symbolically rich, masterfully crafted work, depicting the coexistence of two seemingly diametrical worlds with icy and compelling juxtaposition.  Beneath the normal, kin- and  friendship-oriented world of small town America, Lynch delivers a haunting  and terrible (but inexplicably fascinating) world of evil and corruption.  The complex relationship between these two realms is unified by a rather  simple mystery-detective plot, but, like the opening montage, this  ultimately gives way to a premise of greater depth and complexity.  Without summarizing plot, one could argue that the central characters in  this tableau are representative of each world in some way
 Without doubt, one of the most important chapters of modern americancinema and along with Raging Bull stand as the one of the best films of the past 20 years!....David Lynch is definetly the father of modern surealism!
 It's really just another week in the South, folks.   We all carry on like this down here.  I can send you all the Franks and Bens and Dorothys you would ever want to meet direct from North Carolina (where Lynch filmed this classic).  This fact used to really amuse me in LA where I saw this back in 1986, and everyone then and there thought Lynch had invented some sci-fi world.  Oh, Lynch had definitely taken sharp, genius note of smalltown America in the South
 Blue Velvet is like one young man's giant fantasy come true.  Think Summer of '42 - but ten times weirder and more sexual - and you'll get the picture. Kyle Maclachlan (Jeff) comes home from college and discovers a severed ear being eaten by ants in a field.  He becomes embroiled in a mystery that he attempts to solve - and does.  Along the way, he gets involved with two gorgeous women; one a cute-as-roses high school girl played sweetly by a young Laura Dern, the other a sultry nightclub siren who likes her sex rough and who is portrayed deliciously by the unforgettable (and nicely breasted) Isabella Rosellini.  Using his boyish charm, he coaxes both to fall in love with him - and he manages to bed one of them.  (Guess.)  Both of their boyfriends get [angry]; one of whom beats him up - badly!  Yet he recovers quite fully.   Compared to David Lynch's more recent work, Mullholland Drive, Blue Velvet is fairly linear in its storyline.  Both, in their fashion, push the envelope of acceptable male fantasies.  In the `80's it was sado-masochism.  Today, it's lesbianism. The story reaches a climactic conclusion.  We get to see Miss Rossellini completely naked..., and we get to watch Jeff, our hero, blow Dennis Hopper's brains messily across the living room floor.  Despite enduring a nude Isabella pawing him uncontrollably, Laura still loves him - and marries him.  So everyone gets to live happily-ever-after. Blue Velvet - which uses the song poignantly - is unforgettable.  Don't miss it!
 Very suspensful, well filmed and just a great film altogether. It has some pretty disturbing imagery and Dennis Hopper is pretty damn insane as usual, but he adds everything to this film. If you agree with what I am saying then I highly HIGHLY recommend Red Rock West. Another very cool thriller with Hopper and Nicholas Cage. Enjoy!
 I've always loved David Lynch (ever since i first laid eyes on Twin Peaks). Kyle Maclachlan is a great on screen presence,and every character(in true Lynchian style) is superb. If you are one for strange and ground breaking, you will instanly fall into this with wide eyes and wide mouth.
 David Lynch is not weird.  This is what we like to call  an everyday story  with  everyday people .  I guess it seems weird since the quality level is where it should be.  Boobytrap.
 David lynch's Blue velvet is a cinematic masterpiece the photography by Frederick Elmes is simply amazing. The DVD is not bad either good sound and picture and thats all you need for this film. I am very surprized this film didn't get a NC-17 rating it should of but thats the Mpaa. for ya. I recommend this film to everyone who likes disturbing films. Warning
 When I saw this movie I had no idea who Isabella Rossallini was but as soon as I saw her there was no possible doubt in my mind who her mother was. Well this film is not Casablanca but I keep it on the same shelf.
 I would love to delve into David Lynch's mind for a few days, weeks or months. He is amazing. Blue Velvet raises all sorts of questions; from the rape scene (which could be seen as either very disturbing or absolutely hilarious) to Kyle McLachlan struggling with the idea of hitting a woman (who appear to enjoy it).  Overall, very erotic and entertaining.
 The most controversial film of the 80's, David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  is a two hour long dark joke. People either get it or they don't which accounts for the fact that people either love this film or completely despise it. What more can anyone ask of a movie that has Dean Stockwell in drag, lip-synching Roy Orbison's  In Dreams,  while a deranged Dennis Hopper mouths the words, his face contorted in pain, not mention Ketty Lester's record of  Love Letters  used as a backdrop to a viewing of two mutalated corpses. Like Scorsese, Lynch knows the power of pop music and how it can be used in the most inverted ways to enchance the power of film. Too bad Lynch doesn't like to re-visit his old work...we could use a new DVD edition of  Velvet  with director's commentary added. To sum it all up; no one can ever confuse any frame of  Blue Velvet  with any other movie. It's a complete original.
 One of the greatest movies ever made.  A must have for any film lover.  Only the most cynical and moronic critics pan this masterpiece.  Bad reviews from film school dropouts make me sick.  Take your sour grapes and go lambaste Bresson or Godard.  Lynch is the only true artist working in film today and BLUE VELVET marks the pinnacle of his career.
 Why isn't this amazing film released in DVD yet? Let's go! I'll pay top dollar.
 Still a ground breaking film. I will never grow tried of this dark story.  The documentary included on the DVD adds another level to this work.  David Lynch is a under valued artist in our country.
  this  is  it   How could a movie with such a slow first 30 min explode into a nightmarefest?  This is the film to watch to find out!!!!!  The gangs all here/// Frank Booth, the mask inhaling, ultra foul mouthed, kidnapping, murderous, and downright un~best friend you could ever have, compiled with Jack  My name's Paul  (Eraserhead) Nance, Brad Dourif (Chucky the doll), MacLachlan, Dern, Rossellini, and did I mention Dennis Hopper/Frank Booth???? You cant miss this/////// It's just one of those films you may remember forever. I watch it every few years from VHS to DVD and still watch the  GOOD  scenes!!! Put down that copy of Scream 3 and watch this!!!!!
 What has to be David Lynch's best film, but Lost Highway is a close contender, is the best study of suburbia ever seen in movies up till AMERICAN BEAUTY. With beautiful shots of the Midwestern countryside and  great performances from Rossellini and Hopper, this movie is undeniably  weird but undeniably great.
 This one is for those Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan fans. Comparable to 'Shakespeare in Love.'
 In a world of plummeting standards, mindless violence, and gratuitous sex, it's refreshing---and entirely rare---when you come across a major motion picture that the whole family can enjoy.  If you're looking for that kind of film, "Blue Velvet is the mother lode.  "Blue Velvet is David Lynch's masterwork, a real slice of life in small town America from the director who brought you the heartwarming, mesmerizing Disney hit "The Straight Story". Granted, for all of its heartwarming innocence, "The Straight Story had a more deliberate tone which---to be totally honest---put little Tony and Suzie to sleep at my house. What to watch for a family sit-down that will keep the kids entertained but not drive Mom and Dad crazy, then?  Crisis averted! "Blue Velvet is just as family-oriented as that film---only more so, and with a quicker pace that calls to mind a more finely-tuned Hardy Boys or Nancy Drew mystery.  High school senior Jeffrey Beaumont (the boyish, wholesome Kyle MacLachlan, who starred in the family flick "The Flintstones") lives with his parents and elderly Aunt Barbara (veteran actress Frances Bay, who appeared in "Twins"). With his father hospitalized after a massive heart attack, Beaumont stumbles across a mystery at the heart of sleepy little Lumberton.  Beaumont teams up with high school sweatheart Sandy Williams (Laura Dern, "Jurassic Park") and Sandy's father---a Lumberton detective---to delve into the mystery that has their little town on edge, and ultimately to snap the cuffs on a gang of dastardly baddies (headed up by Dennis Hopper in a stellar role as the villainous Frank Booth).  Isabella Rossellini serves up a particularly memorable role as singer Dorothy Valens, menaced by Booth and his rowdies, who manages to keep up a fighting spirit and lift everyone's spirits with cheerful, all-American musical standards. Grandpa and AMC-fans will particularly get a kick out the film's 1950's musical score, including golden oldies like Roy Orbison's "In Dreams and Bobby Vinton's yesteryear hit "Blue Velvet".  Flawless cinematography by Frederick Elmes (who did the camera-work for 2003's "Hulk") shows off the green gables, rose gardens, and white picket fences of an all-American town to perfection. I don't think any director has realized the zany human cosmology of a small American town since Sam Wood's 1949 version of "Our Town".  While "Blue Velvet heads over to the seamier side of town to plumb the more mysterious goings-on, don't fret---Lynch keeps rein over the more frightening elements of this salute to the Heartland. Like any Hardy Boys outting, things may get a little tense, but there's nothing too rough for the tots here, and good wins out in the end. Lynch proves you can put together an American classic and *still* have a happy ending.  "Blue Velvet is a classic made for the whole family
 This DVD film/movie is sold around Singapore videoshops and I have grabbed a copy and watched....hee hee...The story basically talk about the case of the chop off ears which the murder case was investigated and the case detail came to the light to the higher police investigating department which was done by a the actor himself. The case was presented by the police and this mad person whom was acted by Dennis Hooper (famous for his insane killer character in also other films) in the end died under gunfire when he tried to catch the actor for trying to go into a house and look for 'evidence'. Recommended to those whom are interested in this genre of DVD film/movie.  Review by
 Buy this DVD.  Then, Demand the immediate release of all of David Lynch's films and TV series on DVD. Then, Buy them all once they are released. Then, Watch them.
 This is a love-it or hate-it film.  Its a classic and a masterpiece to be remembered for its role in the evolution of film.  Director and writer Lynch juxtaposes a white-picket-fence idyllic small town against the darkest of the freaky drug-addicted criminals.  Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey, the decent young man the audience can identify with, while Dennis Hopper perfectly protrays an emotionally disturbed on-the-edge criminal.  The Isabella Rosselini character is stuck between the two worlds, desperately trying to stay mainstream but stuck with ties to the sadistic on-the-edge criminals.  The dark crime side of this movie is downright scary, not necessarily for any blood and guts, but because you know these people are off their rocker and can snap at any minute.  Seeing the sexually ambiguous Ben (Dean Stockwell) sing a candy pop song in a dark den of gangstgers, loose women, guns, and drugs is truly startling.  Lynch repeatedly pairs the goody-good with the downright evil for sharp contrast and a lasting effect.  Personally, I'm not a fan of this movie, or of Lynch as a director, but I enjoyed the film for what it is, and there is an audience out there for these types of surreal flicks.  It is a must-see if you are going through all the classics.
 David Lynch crafted one of the most visually haunting films ever imagined in 1986 with Blue Velvet.  Dream like from the beginning, the film starts off simply enough, we see the residents of a small town enjoying themselves, in fact the town is what anyone and everyone would envision as a perfect town community.  Young college student Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan, who was also in Lynch's Dune and would later star on Lynch's TV show Twin Peaks) returns to his seemingly perfect town when his father suffers a heart attack (in a very chilling scene).  One day he discovers a severed human ear that is decomposing in a field, and this is when we as the viewers discover that this seemingly perfect little town is hiding some deadly secrets.  Eventually, Jeffrey teams up with a young Laura Dern (who it seems is modeled after a 1950's high school sweet heart) and both begin playing detective, and it soon leads them to a tortured nightclub singer named Dorothy(played by Isabella Rossellini), who has some secrets of her own.  This leads Jeffrey to begin to have a dangerous obsession with Dorothy, and that is not taken too well by Frank (Dennis Hopper, who is extremely great in this completely psycho role), a man who is terrorizing Dorothy for his own sexual perversions, and is holding her child hostage to attain them.  Later on we get to see Frank and his crazed crew (Brad Dourif among them), and we meet his "oh so suave buddy Ben (Dean Stockwell), who has only one screen appearence, but it is a chilling one nonetheless.  The only complaint I can think of is how the film ended, it seems to me that Lynch had an alternate ending but decided to go with the one featured here.  Lynch pulls out all the stops here, tugging at every emotion he can.  You'll laugh, cringe, feel sorry for the characters, and be horrified, sometimes all at once.  Blue Velvet is a haunting, dizzying, mind bending trip that will haunt you for days after viewing it, this is Lynch's best film, and it stands today as an American classic.
 The operative word on "Blue Velvet is surreal.  I'm not going to try to analyze it but I'm just going to say I like it.  When this film was released in 1986 it came way out from leftfield.  It was a totally unexpected surprise from the director of "Elephant Man and the collossal bomb, "Dune"(maybe it shouldn't have been so unexpected for anybody who had seen the equally bizarre "Eraserhead").  David Lynch opens the film as some Norman Rockwell American world and slowly peels off the layers of this facade to reveal the dark underbelly of this idyll.  The movie begins where fresh-faced Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan) returns home from college following his father's heart attack.  He discover's a dismembered ear in a field and turns it over to the police.  Not contented with leaving the investigation to the police, Jeffrey goes on his own investigation to discover the mystery of the ear.  What he encounters is a mysterious lounge singer, Dorothy Valens(Isabella Rossellini) and Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper)a bizarre fetishist who has Dorothy under his control.  Hopper's rendering of Frank ranks as one of the great examples of screen villainy of all time.  Hopper's performance is indelible and over-the-top.  In a smaller role Dean Stockwell as Frank's sexually ambiguous friend, Ben, makes an impression with his lip-synced performance of Roy Orbison's song, "In Dreams".  This film definitely falls under the category of love-it or hate-it.  I fall under the former category because I admire Lynch for trying something so ambitious and being a singular voice in film-making.
 "Blue Velvet was the first American film to fully explore the uncharted darkest regions of the subconcious mind, in the manner of European directors, like Bunuel and Fellini. No American director has broken open as much creative space as David Lynch, not even Robert Altman.  "Blue Velvet was the right film at the right time. In 1986, there was a growing backlash against the vacuous Hollywood blockbusters, as evidenced by the popularity of artistically ambitous films like Platoon, Hannah and Her Sisters, Salvador, A Room With A View, the Mission, and Children of A Lesser God. Movie goers hungered for more substantive films, and the pioneers of the art house megaplexes, like Landmark were anxious to corner the market those kinds of film. Bad news for your friendly neighborhood art house, good news for "Blue Velvet.  The fact that Lynch was able to bring his singular artistry to television, a few years later with "Twin Peaks is a measure of the public demand for Lynch's provactive style of filmaking. The fact that his recent "Muholland Drive was orginally shopped around as a pilot for a series and had no takers, not even cable stations, is a barometer of how times have changed over the past 4 or 5 years.  Decadence undermines the fabic of morality, and wierd movies send the wrong message about America, to people who need to get the "right message.  "Blue Velvet stood further left of center than other the films of artistic merit,and went far enough out on the limb attract a devoted cult following. In 1986, if you were in film school, "Blue Velvet became an artistic model of acheivement. Young directors aspired to make the next "Blue Velvet",not the next "E.T. or "Jaws as the previous generation had aspired to make.  On the eve of the 20th anniversary of it's release date, critics and movie fans still hold the meaning of "Velvet Blue as a sacred topic of discussion. It's influence is tremendous but it still retains the uncompromising edge of an anti-movie film.  The film is resistant,nearly immune to all attempts to probe the nature of it's meaning. The film offers no apoligies for it's Baudelairian view of human nature. Debating the allegorical content of "Blue Velvet", seems to miss the entire point of David Lynch's artistic statement. Like Baudelaire, Lynch is at a loss to explain the brutal extremities of human behavior.  Each time I watch "Blue Velvet", I uncover new layers of meaning in, the script, the motivation of the actors, the function of a prop, or even in a the use of an unconventional camera angle. The "Blue Velvet I watch in 2005 is entirely different from the one I saw in the theater in 1986.  The wooden nature of Kyle McLaughlin's acting only magnifies the volcanic nature and the primal appeal of Dennis Hopper's performance. Do you have the courage to really rip loose like Hopper? ...or do you hide in the closet,like Mr.Goody Two Shoes who peeps with lurid fascination at the performance? The rock star charisma of Hopper's wild man bulldozes Kyle McLaughlin's wholesome sex appeal straight into the closet where it belongs.  The strength of "Blue Velvet is it's own inscrutability. Lynch's steadfast unfliching gaze at the most sinister impulses of humanity, is the metaphorical "gorilla in the living room that nobody wants to talk about. Your reaction to "Blue Velvet tells as much about yourself, as it tells you about the morality of the characters on the screen.  As in all of his films, Lynch points out the contratdiction between the our high minded moral aspirations, and the predatory nature of our own behavior. The sunny small town innocence of "Blue Velvet conceals a dark underworld of depravity that is governed by fear and violence. Our fascination with erotic nature of evil makes all of us willing particpants in the corruption of our own innocence. It's a message that stands at odds with own image of ourselves as decent,god fearing people.  Scrubby clean hands are capable of committing the most horrifying of deeds...just ask Lady Macbeth.  It's an unsettling proposition, but ambiguity has it's own reward.
 for those of you who have mentioned that this film has no plot, take your own advice and dont watch films like blue velvet. stick to movies like armaggeddon and let bruce willis spoon feed the plot to you. David lynch  follows his own formula that is driven by his unique vision that no stright  forward plot could follow. This film deals with a THEME
 Lynch fills out the world of Blue Velvet so lovingly, and with such care and imagination, and attention to detail (and to the odd, essential quirks of life), that, surreal as it is, this world seems wholly authentic to us. Because Lynch is not afraid to "dream' his movies, he fills his world with the kind of "abritrary' touches that make up real life. And his mise en scene here, far from being merely the backdrop to his "plot, is actually central to it (and even takes precedence over it). The one grows organically out of the other, in fact, for, as in all true myths (and in dreams also), the two are inseparable. Because in life, there is no plot, obviously (save that written by God, or Chance), only an endless, infinite and unimaginably intricate unfolding of scenes, acts, events, encounters, gestures, words, sounds, smells. In a word--phenomena, endlessly spilling out and colliding and spinning off and resounding with all the crazy random beauty of pollen in the wind. There may be patterns in such chaos, but if so, they are infinite, varied, and eternally overlapping, interacting. And so the patterns we choose to isolate are simply that
 A shocker of a movie in which the innocent facade of an average American town is torn back to reveal a violent and frightening hidden world. (The opening scene with the bugs under the lawn depicts it perfectly.) One day college-aged Jeffrey Beaumont (played by Kyle MacLachlan) finds a human ear in a vacant field. He takes it to the police; the detective assigned to the case (George Dickerson) is Laura Dern's character's father. She overhears him talking about the case and passes on the information to MacLachlan, her boyfriend. He begins to investigate on his own and enters a world of perversion, kidnapping, drugs, and death. Dennis Hopper plays a character about as evil and frightening as you could imagine. Dern's high-school-girl innocence only adds to the awfulness of what's going on here. Emotions are expressed so powerfully, and they are so brutal and scary, that it becomes painful to watch at times. Although not necessarily an original idea, rarely has looking beneath the calm surface to discover a raging storm been done so engagingly and disturbingly. A David Lynch knockout. Worth a watch.
 David Lynch's best work to date is the story of a typical all-American USA town where all things seem perfect and normal. That is...until we see what a strange world it is. The boy finds a severed ear in a nearby dirt path on  the way to the hospital and sets the story in motion. The cinematography  has to be some of the best around, especially noticable in the opening  scenes with the bright pastel colors of the town, the reds, the blues - so  vivid - to give you the small town USA look.  A detective mystery story  told in Lynch's world where the weird only gets weirder. Dennis Hopper in  one of his best roles as the wacked-out methyl junkie who holds a child  hostage. If you like odd, this is your film. Not for the squeamish.
 How many movies are you going to see that use a bird eating a bug as an illustration that a young man should be afraid of acting on sexual feelings, because those desires are seen as disdainful and shameful to a good-minded society? The bird appears to be a robin. The very type of bird used to analogize goodness and pure love in the movie. Classic. "Sometimes a wind blows and the mysteries of love come clear". Tweet, tweet.  For this movie we live inside a strange world. For Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me we live inside a dream. For Mulholland Dr. we live inside one person's dream. I doubt that Lynch will be making any action/adventure or romantic comedies anytime soon. A good boy's bad-boy libido fantasy compared against idealistic pure love, with 1950's America mentality. The movie deals mostly with a young man moralizing sexual desires. Contrasting, and in the end somewhat reconciling, moral extremes is a staple in Lynch movies. The evil side has some legitimate allurement, the viewer always gets a very generous taste of it. Also pervasive, always there lurking behind the doors. But ultimately however that side should be dismissed out of fear, fear of physical and emotional repercussions. And also dismissed out of love, respect of the morally acceptable. The larger point is probably that human beings are a mix of good and evil, or that human beings are indelibly flawed. Accentuating the good side more strongly might have made for more emotional buildup in Blue Velvet, as in Mulholland Dr. and Fire Walk With Me [the two grandiose behemoths]. Though those two have tragic endings that work better in contrasting dramatically against the good. Also in those two there is more focus on the female characters, characters easily perceived as more vulnerable, needing protection, especially after you have seen them naked numerous times [I know, sexist white male propaganda to keep the white female down]. In Blue Velvet, the "Why are there people like Frank... and the "robins...love", "Mommy loves you", the caring family, the loving slow dance [creative audio, have to like the original music and the sound of a candle flame being blown out for example] are somewhat muted examples of moral conscientiousness. Somewhat muted, given you have people dancing on car tops, singing into shop lights, lewd mommy/daddy/baby Oedipal references, and toasts made to f...... [All very entertaining]. A "goodness point will be made. And after you mull that for two seconds, there is a heap of weirdness, and that is followed by some more disorderedness. Always some consternation caused by seeing the evil in the world. Also troubling when one sees some of that evil in one's own thoughts. This recognition and repulsion however may qualify you as somewhat moral, having some goodness. This is seemingly the key moral point, as well as, implicitly, the message that morality has importance on a personal, individual basis. But that isn't quite it. Yes, the moral person, say a moral hormone-filled young man trying to reconcile his biology, has some significant awareness that there is some wrongness about himself (has at the least a keen knowledge that one's sexuality is socially problematic) and is cognizant that there is wrongness in the world around him. But to some degree that is done out of pragmatism, to save one's self in a larger society. Not really all that noble, perhaps only marginally moral. So the conclusion is more that people are perverts, including one's self. It's a strange world, isn't it?
 "Blue Velvet", while overshadowed by Lynch's recent "Mulholland Drive in which he finally decided to give up on the fear driven satire that held most of his earlier work back, is the closest (along with "Eraserhead") to revealing the once-in-a-few-decades type directorial talent this man possesses.  Despite what his detractors may say (it's easy to be dismissive of Lynch because not everything is spoonfed to you, he pokes at our deepest sensibilities and fears, and you actually have to think at length about his work
 FINALLY! I'm hoping this is the beginning of a Lynch DVD renaissance, as Eraserhead, The Elephant Man and Wild At Heart are sitting idly by, waiting for the royal treatment they deserve. As for the lack of special features,  Lynch is of the Kubrick variety, he wants his movies to speak for  themselves, so don't expect any commentary on his DVDs.  At least its in  widescreen!  Blue Velvet, along with Raging Bull, is arguably the most  important film of the 80's. It heralded a new artistic peak in American  filmmaking and established independent film as a commercially and  critically viable industry, not to mention one where original, high-risk  stories could be told. Blue Velvet is a very dark and sensual masterpiece.  The fans know what's up. The uninitiated should check this film out.
 ... Here Lynch's characters, though outrageous, mildly believeable and at times monsters, are more real than in his later efforts, WILD AT HEART, TWIN PEAKS and LOST HIGHWAY, and his plot, which was called Hitchcockian in early reviews, makes much more sense than in anything he has done since (with the exception of the self-consciously normal STRAIGHT STORY). The performances are world class. The movie ressurrected the career of Dennis Hopper and allowed him to go on to make millions in WATERWORLD and SPEED playing a watered-down version of his Frank character. It also made stars out of Laura Dern and Kyle MacLachlan -- and sank the career of Isabella Rossellini, who was dating Lynch at the time.  Though the shocking plot which centers around the sexual abuse of the Rossellini character and an innocent young man (played by MacLachlan) who tries to save her comes with the  not for everyone  warning, at least there is an emotional depth to the horrors that I found missing in the gothic WILD AT HEART and the tedious TWIN PEAKS.
 The film opens with artful visuals of a white picket fence, red roses planted beside the fence, and a clear blue sky.  Red, white and blue--the symbols of a quiet, small, middle class town in America.  A fire truck with a dalmation dog standing on its side slowly passes by.  The town's name is Lumberton.  Its state is not mentioned.  This can be any place in America.  But lurking in small town America, hidden in some grass, is someone's severed ear, being brutally attacked by insects.  The ear is discovered by college student Jeffrey Beaumont, well played by Kyle MacLachlin.  Jeffrey is home from college because his father has suffered a stroke and been hospitalized.  Up to this point, Jeffrey has been the product of small town Lumberton.  He is naive and very inexperienced in the evil side of life.  So is the young and pretty "teen angel, Sandy, as played by Laura Dern.  Sandy is the daughter of the town's chief police detective.  They meet, fall in love, and become involved in the investigation of the crime of the severed ear.  Jeffrey learns that the ear belongs to the husband of lounge singer, Dorothy Vallens, who together with their little son, have been abducted by an evil, psychopathic maniac, with the name of Frank Booth.  Dennis Hopper gives an extremely frightening, over-the-top performance as Frank Booth.  He is the ultimate villain of such hatefulness and repulsiveness, that one cannot stand to look at him.  Ironically enough, Frank Booth clearly sends out signals of vile hatred whenever anyone should look at him.  Dorothy is played by Isabella Rosselini, a beautiful, mysterious, and seemingly very masochistic femme fatale. Jeffrey has never experienced anyone like Dorothy and is instantly captivated. Dorothy also happens to be Frank Booth's sex-slave.  Mesmerized by her, Jeffrey has become Dorothy's protector and lover.  "Blue Velvet is a film of great magnetism and intensity.  After the first few minutes of watching it, I was hooked.  Together with its moments of extreme violence and sadism, as well as its brief moments of "comic relief (particularly a couple of scenes with Dean Stockwell as Frank Booth's "suave friend) "Blue Velvet, is one of my favorite all time films.  At least in my opinion, it is also one of the truly great movies of the last third of the 20th century.
 Heineken! [....] Pabst Blue Ribbon! Even psychos can make sense. Best movie of the 1980s? Don't know, there were some good ones. David Lynch's best film? Don't know about that either. In his...top three surely. Lynch's most entertaining movie? Hell yeah.  I'm just doing a little customer review because I LOVE this movie. What to say, what to say. *Why* do I love this movie? Because of the performances. Kyle MacLachlan, Laura Dern, Isabella Rossellini, and of course Dennis Hopper are terrific. And I love film noir and surreal, atmospheric films so it is kind of up my alley. The story unfolds at a good pace, the dialog holds your attention. At times it is very funny and very creepy. I am fascinated by explorations and depictions of the underbelly of society, the flip-side to the so-called American Dream. Stuff -art, music, social criticism, historical analysis, novels, films, etc.- that mock or at least question if the American Dream is just a crock in the first place, a delusion, a lie. Criminals and transgression are inherently interesting to most people, to some degree or other, and do make a perfect subject for the movies. We can watch safely in our homes or theater and satisfy our curiosities and get a little thrill like when riding a roller coaster or haunted house ride at an amusement park. The often analyzed/discussed beginning of "Blue Velvet is absolutely brilliant. As is often the case with films, the opening scene shows you exactly what the story is about.
 Those familiar with Francis Ford Coppola's surreal psychedelic Vietnam War epic "Apocalypse Now will probably remember Dennis Hopper as sidekick and foil to Kurtz, a character who represented the savage desires and hidden thoughts buried deep within the shadows of all men's hearts. In "Blue Velvet, Dennis Hopper has graduated from the sidekick to that character, and is now its very embodiment. Change the setting from wartime Vietnam to small town America, put Kyle MacLahan in the role of Captain Marlow, and you may have just described "Blue Velvet. In David Lynch's "Blue Velvet, Dennis Hopper is Frank Booth, a psychotic criminal whose hobbies include drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon, dealing drugs, committing murder, inhaling vast amounts of Amyl Nitrate, and (in oh so many words) having sex with anything that moves. Among Frank's most recent crimes is blackmailing a young woman named Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rosselini) into having extremely twisted sex with him by holding her family hostage. Meanwhile, a student named Jeffrey Beaument (Kyle MacLahan) returns from school to his small town home to visit his injured father. While there, he discovers a severed ear in a field that eventually leads him to stalk Dorothy and earn the jealousy and hatred of Frank. As Jeffrey confronts Frank, more and more clues come into play that Jeffrey's struggle is not against Frank, but against himself
 i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film. lets say this...if you enjoy movies like pulp fiction, big lebowski, and rear window, lynch is really a treat..especially here. i mean, i personally felt like i was in the character, Jeffrey's shoes the whole time.  i dont know how some folks dislike this film, but im not going to argue since that is their opinion...just give it a viewing iif you never saw it. at least once.
 David Lynch's "BLUE VELVET is a brilliant display of artistic story telling & film makeing! A perfect example of the director forceing the viewer to take part in the movie by filling in the missing puzzle piece's with his or her own imagination. David Lynch is so far above the rest its ridiculous!
 Relish this great director's (maybe)best film in which ordinary places turn into nightmares ( seconds into the film the hero's dad gets stung by a bee then choked almost to death by a garden hose) and nightmare turns into dream (the hero, Kyle McLachlan, is confronted by the woman he has been spying on from her closet within her flat (Ms Rosselini).  She wields a VERY large knife once used as a prop in PSYCHO, orders him to strip, then kneels in front him and the viewer is uncertain whether she is going to castrate the naughty boy or fellate him.  In the event she does not castrate him.) Set design Interiors reflect in every detail the weird and not so weird personalities of the characters - in Dorothy's flat (Ms Rosselini) there is a garish yellow record player next to the mauve sofa with its red velveteen cushions, pink walls, candy carpet, green steam heater and kitsch peuce green flower pots.  The characters seem larger than life - has the girl next door ever oozed as much sex as Ms Laura Dern? Has there ever been a cheap nighclub singer more beautiful than Ms Rosselini and has such beauty every been stripped so bare by the end of the film, a performance of incredible courage. What is it all about? It's all about a boy's adventure.  The boy (Kyle McLachlan) asks at one point "Why are there people like Frank?  speaking of whom,  when Frank (Dennis Hopper) places the fingers and thums of his right hand together and points them at your forehead, be afraid, be VERY afraid.  Much to relish for the cinema lover. A diamond amongst the pap. To be treasured on DVD.
 Dennis Hopper is amazing as Frank, the evil trash talking lowlife. His preformance is so explosive and mind blowing that you'll find yourself quoting his lines for years after seeing this. David Lynch paints for us a surreal portrait of suburbia and it's soft, white underbelly of seedy characters, and sleazy places that only come out at night on the far side of town. It's really brilliant and just downright weird. Notable are Frank's little posse ("I'm Paul), Ben the Pimp and his whorehouse, and Isabella Rossalini (not the best singer in the world) perfectly portrays the abused victim. You'll never think of "In Dreams by Roy Orbison the same way again. David Lynch was never this weird again with the expception of the incredible Mulholland Drive.
 I've seen this movie years ago and again one other time. I decided to buy it and I am glad I did. Now this movie starts off like a good story of a nice neighbor hood but then it gets in to the dark side of things and it really turns. It really shows how sick some people are and tests what about me could I really be sick like that. If you can look at it and see what happens in the dark then you may want to watch it but if you like Mary Poppins type stuff this ain't for you.
 The greatest "WTF movie of all time. Extremely bizarre, but very watchable. It's weirdness has stood the test of time.
 I'll keep it short, but sweet.  Blue Velvet's amazing visuals, memorable performances, and haunting musical score have imbedded this film into my mind.  It's a bit dark, but if you like that kind of thing, this should be on your list.
 The finest and most famous of David Lynch's films often requires repeated viewings for one to appreciate it. It's quite accessible - far more so than his particularly cryptic projects - but its earnest celebration of small-town innocence, lurid depravity and oddly deadpan performances are likely to challenge the most weathered sensibilities of those few remaining uninitiated cinephiles. By forcing audiences to accept what might seem hokey or facetious at face value by contrasting the movie's Americana idyll with a vicious coexisting criminality, Lynch breathed new life into an increasingly stagnant American market. Ironically, a mainstream breakthrough enabled him to fill a void left in the wake of perished New Hollywood by way of retro stylization. This homage to Hitchcock imbues the trappings of a formal mystery with surrealist flourishes and surprisingly complex characters.  If ever a movie deserved a good treatment on DVD, it's this one. Blue Velvet was beautifully and precisely shot with Lynch's usual eye for minute detail. For years, fans whose access to the film was limited to television airings and VHS editions suffered through a horrendous, washed-out pan-and-scan butchery of this picture's sprawling 2.35
 Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle Maclachlan from The Hidden and "Twin Peaks") lives an idyllic life in the pristine town of Lumberton. That is until his father collapses while watering the lawn, and the spell is broken. Jeffrey finds a severed human ear while walking home from the hospital, takes it to the police, and begins his descent into the dark, corrupt bowels of a Lumberton he never could have imagined. Jeffrey, with the help of the lovely Laura Dern (Wild At Heart, Inland Empire) does his own detective work, finding out things that shock, terrify, yet draw him ever deeper into the hideous, twisted, and perfectly evil world of Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), his hostage / slave Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rossellini), and Frank's gang of loathesome thugs (including Brad Dourif and Jack Nance). Jeffrey finds himself emersed in the belly of the beast once Frank gets a hold of him. Can innocence survive an encounter with pure, wicked psychopathy? BLUE VELVET, like other Lynch classics, peels (tears) away the pretty, outer shell, in order to lay bare the rotting jelly within. Highly recommended...
 The extras, the transference, the sound everything on this dvd is awesome a must have for any David Lynch fan.
 With Blue Velvet, David Lynch creates a world of the truly bizarre. You will never see Dennis Hopper being more creepy than you will in this movie.  A great performance and great film; one that belongs at the top of Lynch's impressive resume.
 I just thought that I would take the time to boast that us English folk who tend to never get anything right when it comes to packaging and what not, have recently had a special edition of Blue Velvet released, and hard as this is to believe, It's better than yours. Not only is it two discs, but the really cool outer design is made out of Velvet. HOW COOL IS THAT! Anyway, just thought some of you might be interested to know that.  You're so F*****G suave 
 In what one could regard now as a precursor to TWIN PEAKS, David Lynch explores his primary fascination, the possibly seedy under-belly that may or may not exist in Middle America.  Jeffrey(Kyle Maclachlan) lives in an idealic small town. It's picturesque, everybody knows everybody, and the doors are left unlocked at night. However, evil is lurking. Jeffrey discovers this one day as he walks through a remote field, he finds a human ear. Jeff takes the ear to a local Police Detective, who thanks him and then asks him to stay away from the case. But Jeff, with the Hardy Boy inside getting the better of him, does no such thing, and with the help of the Detective's Daughter(Laura Dern) he decides to investigate. His snooping eventually leads him to a mysterious and seemingly disturbed night club singer, Dorothy(Isabella Rossellini), who Jeffrey is uncontrollably intruiged by and attracted to. In fact, it is only when Jeffrey meets Dorothy's derranged tormentor Frank Booth(Dennis Hopper at his twisted best) that he starts to realize that he just might be in way over his head. Bizarre, captivating, hypnotic, and haunting. You've heard these words describe BLUE VELVET before. But that's because these descriptions are very accurate. This is David Lynch's brilliant painted portrait of what might lie beneath. It's violent, it's comedic at times, it's disturbing at others. It's a film that Lynch fans will love, and that non-Lynch fans will find pointless and boring. But then again, that's true of all of Lynch's work. His films are definately an acquirred taste. Here's the best way to describe it. All the mystery aside, it's about a young man who loses his innocence on his way to adulthood. That's BLUE VELVET in a nutshell. In way it's one of Lynch's most straight forward stories(THE STRAIGHT STORY being an exception). So to all Lynch fans to have yet to see BLUE VELVET for themselves, log off your computers, run to your nearest Blockbuster, check out this masterpiece, and be prepared to pay some major late fees. Because this is one film you will want to experience over and over again. Thanks for reading my review.
 I am an Auburn graduate, and I believe this DVD sums up the 2010 Auburn season perfectly. It is something every Tigers fan should have in his or her collection!!!
 My best friend & I were college roommates and sorority sisters at Auburn a few decades back.  We had been waiting forever for another National Championship.  I gave her this video and 3 others from last year's NC season, and she was over the moon about the birthday gift!
 I watched this movie to use as a source for my new book on age-discrepant relationships and ephebophilia and it was a score. Here's a rough plot summary, without spoilers, as it pertains to my research
 This show is the perfect mix of action and drama! I just wish it had more new episodes. It shows on ION television right now.
 This is a stunning period piece, awash with lush scenery and extravagantly beautiful costumes. It is also marvelously acted by all with virtuoso performances by Mark Rylance and Kristin Scott Thomas. The cinematography is breathtaking, and the movie could be characterized as a masterpiece. It is simply a cinematic gem.  The storyline revolves about an impoverished naturalist (Mark Rylance) who returns from the far reaches of the Amazon to England. Having lost his life's work in a shipwreck that he survived, he is taken in by the patriarch of a wealthy, upper class family. In return, he helps his benefactor catalog his eclectic nature collection.  The naturalist, a sensitive, intelligent, and kind individual, falls in love with one of his benefactor's daughters, the mysterious Eugenia, played to perfection by the beautiful and talented Patsy Kensit. He is, however, despised and mistreated by her boorish brother, ostensibly because of his low birth.  After the marriage, he begins an intense study of an ant colony, with the assistance of a poor relation of his benefactor. This poor relation is an intelligent, articulate, and well-educated woman (Kristin Scott Thomas). It is plain to the viewer that she, and not her wealthy and beautiful cousin Eugenia, is the one whom the naturalist should have married.  Meanwhile, there is clearly a deep, dark secret within the household. It becomes apparent early on what the secret must be. It is revealed several years into the marriage in a shockingly dramatic fashion, causing the forbearing naturalist to have the veil lifted from his eyes. This in turn acts as the catalyst for the poor relation to reveal her own secret passion.  This is a magnificent film that should not be missed by those who love period pieces and award caliber performances.
 I strongly recommend this odd but fascinating film. The story is full of strange twists; the images are beautiful, the acting is superb, and A. S. Byatt's underlying message is disturbing.  We all know Victorian England was full of sexual repression and hidden obsessions but this film reveals just how pathological sexual secrets can become.  The story is that of a young working class entymologist whose research is supported by Sir Harald Alabaster. William Anderson, the insect specialist, discovers a beautiful moth in the Amazon and brings it back to England for Sir Harald, naming it after his beautiful eldest daughter, Eugenia. Sir Harald's wife is a rotund mountain of fat, producing children while being served hand and foot by servants, as if she were a giant termite queen. William falls for Eugenia, against all odds marries her, and then becomes part of a strange sexual pattern with his wife where he is invited into her bedroom for a night of wild sex, followed by her separation from him during her pregnancy. He is not usually invited back again except in this cycle of one-night-stand,pregnancy, new birth, and then one-night-stand. William's children and the younger children of Sir Harald have a nanny, Maddy, played superbly by Kristin Scott Thomas. Eventually William comes to understand the secret behind his wife's sexuality and through the support of Maddy, is able to divorce himself from the Alabaster household.  What is A.S. Byatt telling us? I think the film is telling us that as social creatures, we organize our work and society much like bee hives or ant mounds, full of hierarchy and division of labor and every opportunity for reflective thinking to be drowned out and for pathology to survive unchallenged.  Wierd and beautiful is hte best way to summarize this film.
 Wonderful onscreen version of the unexpectedly sensual A.S. Byatt novella Morpho Eugenia, about one William Adamson, a soft-spoken, scholarly Amazon explorer in mid-Victorian England, who returns penniless but learned to his mother country after years abroad pursuing on-site study in entomology.  The biologist Adamson, about whom the old saying "still waters run deep could easily be true, becomes infatuated above his station in life with Eugenia (played by Patsy Kinset) the lovely, cornsilk-haired daughter of his financial sponsor, a country squire and Darwin supporter named Sir Harald Alabaster, and soon weds the young woman, whom, as Adamson learns, was engaged once before to a suitor who committed suicide shortly before the wedding was scheduled to take place. While Adamson is never made aware of why Eugenia's fianc&eacute; took his own life, he sees that the tragedy has both marked and scarred Eugenia, which draws him to her all the more, one social outsider to another.  After a steamy wedding night, fully depicted here by director Phillip Haas, the intrepid, deceptively mild-mannered explorer is soon ensconced in the goings on in the household of his new family, headed by the open-minded Alabaster, and also featuring an obese but kindly matron, a sadistic eldest son, Edgar, in-laws, and a beguiling servant, Matty Crompton, played by Kristin Scott Thomas. All the while as Adamson lives among the wealthy Alabasters, a family aptly named, for each of them is snow-white in complexion, with hair so blond it tends toward whiteness, he writes of his travels in the Amazon, cataloging and describing the insect life he discovered there. By outward appearances, Adamson is in a better position than any he could ever have dreamed of possessing, yet he finds himself increasingly discontent.  Years pass. Several children are born to Eugenia, all of them with the characteristic near-albino quality of the Alabasters, which acts to somehow distance Adamson from the young ones so that he finds himself pulled back toward the uncertain, dangerous life he knew in the Amazon. He collaborates on a story about the daily life of a local ant colony, has conflicts with his hideously callous brother-in-law, Edgar, a man who amuses himself with the sexual abuse of a young servant named Amy, and strikes up an unexpectedly meaningful friendship with Matty, whom he finds to be far deeper and bolder in spirit than he had ever guessed, merely trapped in her life, as most people tend to be. Eventually problems arise, stunning truths emerge, and Adamson makes a chilling discovery about the nature of relations within the Alabaster family. In the end the film, like the novella before it, becomes a commentary on the sub-surface life of outwardly prim Victorians, as well as a treatise of sorts on Darwinian notions of fitness and superiority in the insect world as well as the human one.  Be aware that when it was originally released in the mid-1990's, this film was rated NC-17, and even in our jaded 2000's it still retains the power to raise (among other things) eyebrows. It's a fine motion picture that tells a deep story, and tells it well with visual lusciousness, but it as it deals with biology it is brimming with sex, nudity, and other entertaining situations, so be aware of that. Angels & Insects is not for the thick-minded or easily shocked, but all others should find it captivating.
 My husband and I watched Angels and Insects when it first hit the movie theaters and thought it was an excellent movie. We wanted to see it again and bought the DVD. We have not changed our view of the movie. Two thumbs up, it was worth watching again.
 It is, without a doubt, one of the most intriguing films I've ever had the pleasure of watching. This is one of those rare productions where the elements that make it work, are all of superb quality. The actors are  incredibly talented and do give truly magnificent performances. The  photography and costumes are breathtaking. And of course the story is  absolutely clever. The title is both the question and the answer. Who are  the angels and who are the insects? When you reach the end of the film  you'll know. It is a study of morality vs. perversity. In her role as  governess, Kristin Scott-Thomas exudes intelligence making her beautiful  beyond words. Her uncommon intellect sets her apart from the rest of the   beauties  around her. My fascination with her character has to  do with exactly that. The question of what `makes' a woman is exactly the  same as `what' makes a man. It has to do with a whole lot more than just  gender. Beauty alone does not make a woman, just like strength alone does  not make a man; neither do social status, money, power, pedigree, or even  education. The film tears down the myth that a woman must accept being  relegated to conversations about ribbons and bows and meaningless, tedious  gossip. And yet, if you look closely at the Victorian age, you'll find that  men in general treated women as nothing more than just pretty things to  adorn their manly selves with. I wonder if this theme is what was hinted at  in the scene by the lake with all the ladies in their beautifully colored  dresses. They're reminiscent of butterflies in a field. I loved the film  because of its scientific content too. There is a scene during a meal where  the conversation turns to horses. Mr. Ryland's character begins to talk  about how science has determined that all modern horses come from the same  ancestral line, only to be interrupted by his employer's son. His claim is  that a workhorse has nothing in common with the finer pedigrees. Then his  father interrupts him to say  THINK before you speak.  This is  definitely one of the finest productions on film today!
 ANGELS &amp; INSECTS is probably one of the most fascinating movies of the 1990's. With beautiful set designs and marvelous costumes, A&amp;I wins! Patsy Kensit, Mark Rylance, and Kristen Scott Thomas (in one of her best  roles ever!) light up the screen with a dark story hidden in the walls of  one aristocratic house in the early years of the 1700's. When (Rylance)  weds (Kensit) he thought it was the perfect marriage. But when he learns of  the damp, dark, past that still haunts the present... he learns that there  was no such perfection. A shocking tale, a brilliant story, and cast and  crew that never let you down. ANGELS &amp; INSECTS, like EYES WIDE SHUT,  will have you on the edge of your bed...an erotic tale, that never lets you  fall.
 I guess plenty of reviewers have outlined the story, and so far the few I have read have not given away the dramatic secret near the end (though several claim that it becomes obvious early on - well, I guess I'm just slow or something..)  Of course, after that one can see much more meaning in many of the scenes earlier in the movie.  I endorse all those who have found it a masterful, dark, sexually charged retelling of the tale, and like them I love the constant interplay between the (not-so-angelic!) Angels and Insects of the title. Yes, there are many neat similarities between the bustling ant colonies that William studies and the claustrophobic life of the well-to do family in their hierarchically-run mansion. Roger Ebert did a very good job of describing this at [...]- though he made one egregious error, describing William as a Scotsman! Ah, Americans will never get these accents straight - William is a North-Country, or perhaps North or West Midlands,  Englishman.  Some find it slow going at first - I can only say I did not, just enjoying the excellent re-creation of late 19th century English country house life is sufficient pleasure. So much is done so well
 In each of our video libraries we have a collection of movies that depict certain periods in time. They are what we might call "period movies. We  scan them for accuracies, maybe use them to teach us something that we might not have known about the time or simply use them to take us away for 90 minutes to another time. Not always looking for a movie thiller, but rather the quality of the depiction.  I think that we have a long time now graduated from GWTW and have moved on to movies like "Washinton Square", "The Europeans", "The Buccaneers", ect. This week I saw a movie that perhaps you might not have been aware of. The movie is called "Angels and Insects". The movie takes place in England from 1861 through 1863. The story of a man of little means that meets and falls in love with the daughter of an aristocratic family that employs him. The marriage fails for reasons that I will not disclose but I will say that the failure was not his fault. Nevertheless he finds happiness in the end.  The story is a bit unconventional but I think that I liked it for that reason. The costumes and hair were spectacular, at least from my perspective. Not completely correct I'm sure, but very entertaining. The images in photogrpahs that I have seen of the aristocracy in that time match the "excessiveness that I saw in this film. The costumes of the staff was impecible! There was a tremendous amount of attention to detail taken. If you like "hoops and horses, furniture and fornication you are sure to enjoy this film. The cover was of the movie jacket obviously is made to attract more than period movie fans, but I think that the "others would be disappointed, I doubt that you will though.  If anyone views this upon my recomendation I would enjoy hearing your comments.  Warm regards.  Joseph Reed
 This is a beautifully realized film depiction of the novella  Morpho Eugenia  by the celebrated English novelist A.S. Byatt. The performances are superb, the lush recreation of later Victorian life beautifully rendered, and the enigmatic and shocking elements of the story faithfully depicted. This is an overlooked minor masterpiece. Not for the faint of heart, however.
 You will not go hungry from watching this film. As you can read from the other customer reviews, there is something clever happening in every frame. It comes together in such a tidy, cohesive masterful package. Here is one  small example
 This is a love story set in Victorian England between a poor scholar of insects who has married into a wealthy aristocratic family and their poor relation who lives with them played by Kristin Scott-Thomas.  Scott-Thomas is the plainest you've ever seen her but little does that matter.  She is superb, as usual. Her character matches the hero intellectually and her longing to be his colleague and partner is palpable.  The aristocratic family hides a deep buried secret that plays havoc around this love story but that will lead to a satisfying resolution for the lead characters.  This is a very lush, very Victorian era evoking film that plays like a Gothic mystery romance.  If you like that kind of thing, and I do, you will really like this film.
 An intelligent and unusual drama, based on A.S. Byatt's short story Eugenia Morpho. In mid 19th century England, a penniless naturalist who has lost his prized specimens from the Amazon in a shipwreck (I think the movie meant him to be a young Charles Darwin, though an incident where his field work possessions were lost in a shipwreck happened to his colleague Alfred Russell Wallace) gets a job cataloging specimens held by the Alabaster family in their country estate. He will eventually marry their daughter Eugenia (Patsy Kensit), despite the fierce opposition of her brother Edgar. Not long after having children with her, he will discover a terrible secret haunting the family. A cousin of the Alabasters, the bookish Matty (Kristin Scott Thomas) will turn out to be his only friend and ally. At times the movie looks like a strange cross between a film by James Ivory and a film by Peter Greenaway, with the Alabaster women carrying bright colored clothes that suggests different sort of insects. Even if you don't take very seriously the entomology references throughout that compare insects with humans, they are nonetheless fun. And the denouement is terrific.
 "Angels and Insects was an artistic breakthrough for director Philip Haas. Based on AS Byatt's novella "Morpho Eugenia","Angels is a lush,sensual movie. Set in repressed Victorian England, it's a period piece that's at once campy and tasteful,elegant and melodramatic. It gained notoriety for its fleeting male nudity-but stands on its own.  "Angels opens in the Amazon rainforest. The naturalist William Adamson (Mark Rylance) is dancing with the naked,painted natives. Like "Forbidden Dance",the natives are dancing sensually in their forest idyll. The action moves to a refined waltz. There, William meets the hysterical Eugenia Alabaster (Patsy Kensit) Her father,Sir Harold,is a vicar struggling with the concept of evolution while his wife is constantly eating or pregnant. William romances Eugenia. There's also Maddie Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas,made to look plain&drab),with whom he studies local insects. Maddie is independently minded;she's also into socialism.  William marries Eugenia. They have a passionate wedding night. One moment,she's repressed,the next moment,she can't wait to get her husband into bed. During her pregnancies,she secludes herself,leaving William suspicious. In the meantime, William and Maddie are studying an anthill in the forest. Their attraction is intellectual. William also has to deal with his obnoxious brother in-law Edgar,who's obsessed with "pure bloods. Edgar is a nasty character. He believes in hereditary aristocracy,using it as an excuse to take advantage of servant girls,and impregnating his sister to "keep the blood line pure. When Edgar is caught in bed with Eugenia,his nakedness isn't erotic. It isn't even sexy. It reveals his ugliness. A traumatized Eugenia reveals everything to the shocked William.  In the end,William leaves with Maddie for a better life. "Angels tackles big issues,such as creation and evolution (it's set during Charles Darwin's time),family,science,and the role of women. When it was first released,it was controversial. Now,it's a work of art. Let "Angels and Insects entrap you in its web!
 The DVD is as carefully put together as the novella, and the people in it look just as you hope and expect they will. A young man who has been studying the fauna of Africa--especially moths and butterflies---finds himself unexpectedly  the pennyless, but by no means useless, guest of a rich English family, and procedes to fall in love with the eligible daughter--who shares both a name and beauty with one of his surviving moths
 Mature drama set in Victorian England . An impoverished naturalist called Ryanlance is taken by Kemp's family . This fascinating story runs when Ryanlance falls in love with the Patsy Kensit and eventually marries her . Morpho Eugenia is the key ; while the investigator is studying the social order of the insects , the people who surrounds him become gradually eccentric. The film is built following a clear metaphor . The presence of inner demons and hidden emotions will involve the high tension drama . Kristin Scott Thomas plays an interesting and challenging role ; she represents the alter ego of Raylance ; besides she shows us once more why she is one of the top actress in the world. Superbly acting ; top notch art direction ; fascinating enlightment and a perfect script. And remember the key word
 A wealthy Victorian family is teeming with sexual restraint. Enter, a poor naturalist who falls in love with the beautiful daughter of the head of the household. She appears to be afraid of sex, yet she has secrets that her  new husband cannot even begin to imagine. The governess, exquisitely and  masterfully portrayed by Kristen Scott Thomas, barely  conceals her  powerful attraction to the naturalist. He attempts to ignore her, despite  his wife's  lack of sexual interest in her husband. However, Thomas's  character has a keen intelligence and gift for studying nature, which was  at its zenith during the Victorian period. The two naturalists are drawn  together by their interests. As the  story evolves, Thomas attempts to  reveal the reality of the family that supports the naturalist. In doing so,  she is at once subversive and mysterious. Yet there is no doubt that the  naturalist must know the world in which he resides. Like the Age of  Innocense, the tension is almost unbearable, but unlike that film, Angels  and Insects unveils the bizarre nature of human beings when desires are  forced  underground.  In  Insects,  the insects appear  to be the only living things that are normal. This beautifully atmospheric  and Victorian drenched film will shock some viewers. But it will also  enlighten those who think that the good old days were  good.   There is a butterfly scene that is magnificient.
 This film is a wonderful unusual drama.  Great cast, very English.  I love it.
 This movie is worth watching but not that easy to rewatch in its entirety.
 I'm very upset, Due to negative 'word of mouth', I did not purchase this movie until 2012. It came out in 2008! This movie is one of the very best bank robbery movies I've seen in a very long time. This is not a comedy, but there is humor. It started off as a non-violent caper, but it got violent. Imagine if Tarantino and the Coen brothers teamed up to do a movie! Well, This movie could have been the end result. You never know what is going to happen next, until it happens. You are never going to predict the ending to this flick, unless you already know it. From the beginning, I was sucked into this movie. There are only one or two slow spots, and they are not long. ( do not attempt to get beer or popcorn from the kitchen during these slow spots), you will end up reversing to see what you missed. I did! This movie tends to reflect real life alot more than movies like
 Timothy Olyphant at his best! This movie is hilarious and very sweet at its center! A good guy, with good intentions, who just can't seem to pull it off! Think pink! Audio is a bit annoying, though. Speech scenes are very quiet and everything else is really loud! Think a lighter, funnier Requiem For A Dream!
 Tim Olphant is one of my all time favorite actors. He has been pigeonholed into playing maniacal villains or strangely unapproachable anti-heroes. In this he is at his best and believe it or not, is Very Funny. The whole cast does a fabulous job of entertaining. I fell in love with Rossif Sutherland, he steals your heart. Having known junkies in my previous life I can say these guys nailed it! A tragic comic treat!
 This movie was so funny, well acted and written. Every movie Timothy Olyphant is in you can expect great acting, he is a natural for comedy, this film shows it. Movie was based on a play of four guys sitting in a car talking about robbing a bank. Adaptation is spot on. I bought 4 copies to give out to friends.
 Dynamic actor Jackie Chan is working hard in trying to leave a firm and strong legacy in Chinese cinema and cinema in general. Perhaps he wants to demonstrate that his talents are not exclusively in martial arts films and comedies, but also in dramatic roles. And I'm happy to say that he successfully does that in "1911 Revolution, a formidable and epic film about one of China's defining moments in its tortured history. Historical movies just don't get better than this.  The film opens with the execution of Qiu Jin, in Shaoxing. She was a member of the Tongmenghui, a revolutionary council that wanted to end the imperial government. We are then taken to San Francisco, on April 26, 1911, when Dr. Sun Yat-Sen (Winston Chao) is speaking at a fundraiser to the Chinese community in that city, in order that money could be collected for the revolutionary army that was fighting the Qing Dynasty. It was thought, we learn, that "overseas Chinese people were the mothers of the revolution. Next, we see Huang Xing (Jackie Chan) commanding an attack on the governor's mansion, in the so-called Guangzhou uprising. Sadly, the uprising fails, but Huang Xing survives and continues the insurrection. Dr. Sun Yat-Sen remains in foreign countries trying to provide funds for the revolution and stop the support of the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers. From then on, we witness, step by step, the history of the revolution that ended feudalism in China and brought down the Qing, the final dynasty in the history of the republic.  "1911 Revolution is magnificently full of historic information, which directors Jackie Chan and Li Zhang were able to condense in the film's 99 minutes. It is a true epic, with overpowering cinematography, astonishing production design and dramatic battle scenes. Joan Chen shines as Qing Empress Dowager (Longyu), who finally abdicated on February 12, 1912, ending 2,000 years of monarchy. And don't expect funny and martial arts scenes from Jackie Chan - well, there is one fighting scene, which I suspect was placed just for the hell of it. This is a serious role for Chan, who does it well. In addition, it is my understanding that this might be Chan's 100th film. The two-disc Blu-ray edition of the movie also includes deleted scenes, making-of feature, interview with actress Li Bing Bing, and more. (China, 2011, color, 99 min plus additional materials).  Reviewed on January 10, 2012 exclusively by Eric Gonzalez for Well Go USA Blu-ray.
 As my favorite Jackie Chan grows old I am glad he takes more dramatic roles cause he is top quality and well worth watching.  Good movie
 This is a wonderful performance  by the multi-talented Jackie Chan. He finds his homeland torn apart by a corrupt and violent dynasty and has no choice to join the struggle for a free China. This 2 hour epic traces the 1911 Chinese revolution through it's many violent and bloody battles and the ongoing political struggles.
 This movie staring the awesome Jackie Chan is a wonderful emotional war movie. The effects are superb and it contains much action, romance, and emotion. If you are interested in buying a movie no matter who you are, you will love this movie.
 I received the item a couple of weeks after purchasing it. Very good movie in my opinion. I recommend it to everyone!
 This workout is fantastic.  I really love Karen Voight and she cues so well here, that it's no wonder she's one of the best instructors out there.  She really guides you through this as if she's in the room with you and you always know what's coming up next and she doesn't prattle on and on. In this workout, there is standing toning and you use a step to do certain exercises too.  You work your calves while on the edge of a step so this is a little different to other straight floor workouts and keeps it interesting.  The one thing I really like about this too, is that as you get stronger and better at it, there are modifications you can make to keep challenging yourself.  It isn't too tricky - a lot of the moves are classics - but it is very effective I can tell you.  It's an older look because the workout was made in the early 90's, but the moves are classic for a reason - they work and give you results.  I love this routine and hope you will too.  It's worth every penny.
 Really enjoy this video. Had it and used it in vhs in forever, needed it in dvd and it was nice to have it work properly @ a used price.
 I'VE HAD THE VHS FOR YEARS AND UPGRADED TO THE DVD...LOVE THE EXERCISE PROGRAM, KAREN'S EASY INSTRUCTIONS AND PROFFESSIONAL KNOWLEDGE, AND THE OPTIONS THAT ONLY A DVD OFFERS!
 This is a great dvd for toning up. It is low impact and very effective.. Great!!
 I have always loved this Karen Voight exercise video.  My VHS tape finally gave out after 8 years, so I had to get the DVD.  It is the best.  I use it to enhance my legs shape and strength in addition to running.
 A few months after the release of this album, Cerati finally releases the video companion to his classical masterpiece. The cover and design of this DVD is basically the same as the audio CD, with the only difference of a silver carton case that is not collectible at all.  The same eleven tracks from the album are presented here. The scenario in which he performs does not provide anything visually attractive at all, his outfit is the only visual point on stage and believe me
 Cabe decir que estuve muy al pendiente de la salida al mercado de este DVD y al conseguirlo no me desilusion&oacute; en absoluto. No tanto que difiera en la opini&oacute;n del anterior cr&iacute;tico pero considero que las tomas de video fueron muy profesionales y si no te gust&oacute; pues hay varios formatos de vista. Si ya escuchaste el disco de 11 episodios sinf&oacute;nicos, s&oacute;lo te falta comprar este DVD. La impresi&oacute;n que da con cada nota, los armoniosos sonidos de la sinf&oacute;nica, los gestos de Cerati mientras disfruta el nirvana de su m&uacute;sica convertida en obras cl&aacute;sicas sin duda permanecer&aacute;n eternamente en el coraz&oacute;n de todos sus seguidores. Igualmente te recomiendo que si eres realmente fan de Cerati o de la m&uacute;sica electr&oacute;nica compres el disco de + Bien, no creer&iacute;as que &eacute;l es el autor de tales preciosuras. Es realmente un artista multifac&eacute;tico que no deja de impresionar.
 i have followed Gustavo's music since he was in Soda Stereo and this DVD shows how great his music really is.  He is a great singer and performer this DVD truly shows that, I highly recommend this DVD, this DVD IS A TRUE MASTERPIECE !!!
 Gran presentacion con orquesta sinfonica, cantando canciones de Soda Stereo y de sus discos solistas ... Excelente !!!
 they never play this one on the western channel so I bought it.  I recommend it to those of you who are John wayne fans
 I have been looking for this DVD for some time and was delighted to find it. The movie follows the book fairly well and is a delight to watch.
 John Wayne stars as Hondo Lane, a half-Indian message carrier and gunslinger in New Mexico. He first shows up at the ranch of Mrs. Angie Lowe after getting away from Apache attackers. This takes place in the ending days of the "Indian round-up years, when only a few bands of Apache were left. Hondo takes a liking to Angie and her young son, but soon heads out to deliver the message.  In the meantime, the Apache have always been fond of Mrs. Lowe and had a good relationship with her - and the chief takes a personal interest in her son. He tries to convince Angie to choose a new husband from amongst his braves. She insists that her husband will be back soon to stay on the remote ranch with her.  Hondo runs into the wayward husband in a bar, only learning his name after punching him out. In an attempt to get the husband back to his wife, Hondo takes the man's horse and says that Mr. Lowe can retrieve it at the ranch. Angry, Lowe pays a guy to go with him after Hondo. Apaches attack and kill the paid bodyguard, and Hondo shoots an Apache to save Lowe's life. Lowe repays Hondo by attempting to shoot him in the back. Hondo is forced to kill him. He takes Lowe's tintype of Lowe's son to bring back to the mom.  Along the way, the Apaches find Hondo and are about to torture him to death when the Apache chief recognizes the tintype. Hondo still has to fight - and triumph over - the brother of the Apache he killed. The Apache chief brings Hondo back to Mrs. Lowe, who claims Hondo as her husband in order to get him in away from the Apaches. Hondo tries several times to tell Angie what happened, but each time she doesn't want to hear it. She does end up hearing the truth from someone else, but when Hondo then attempts to tell the boy, Angie refuses to let him do it. She scolds Hondo that his need for the truth is so great that he'd damage the boy's sense of well being and security to achieve it.  The movie is a rather complex story, based almost exactly on the story by Louis L'Amour. John Wayne loved the story so much that he specifically hired a favorite script writer to adapt it into a movie for him. It was filmed to be watched in 3D, so there are several scenes with knives poking at the screen and people standing in the foreground. You might think this would make the movie look cheesy, but really you're normally lost in the storyline or the gorgeous landscapes.  This movie came out in 1953 and for an era that saw many "slaughter the Indians movies, it's pretty impressive in its even handedness. Angie likes the Apaches and has been friends with them since childhood. Hondo is a half Indian, and had an Apache wife while he lived with them for 5 years. You get treated to many scenes with Apaches speaking in their native Apache tongue. Hondo makes it pretty clear that the only reason that the Apache are rising up are that the US government has been actively deceiving them and betraying them. He explains that the Apache are very much against lying, and that he is the same way.  Compared to many other westerns, this does a reasonably good job of showing shades of grey, not just 'Good' and 'Bad'. The Apaches were pushed into the war, but they're prepared to kill an innocent woman who has lived on this land from birth. The settlers are sometimes obnoxious about their desire to get rid of the "natives". In the end, Hondo says that he imagines this will be the end of the Apache way of life, and that it's a shame.
 HONDO is a solid Western in the best tradition of the genre. Based on the story "The Gift of Cochise by Louis L'Amour, John Wayne brings the character Hondo Lane to the screen juxtaposed with his familiar screen presence yet true to L'Amour's spirit of the literary "Western. James Edward Grant's script is impressively sympathetic to the American Indian given the period when this film was produced. Geraldine Page as Angie is perfectly nae as the homesteader living alone with her son in the open wilderness of rock and dust (artistically captured by Robert Burks' cinematography). However, it is John Wayne's portrayal as the enigmatically tough yet unemotionally tender survivor of this barren country that is the strength of this film. The music for HONDO is credited to both Emil Newman and Hugo Friedhofer and their impressive melody for HONDO majestically reflects the honorable and brave stature of the man.
 I was going to wait until this was available on widescreen until I did some research on the web and found out that this DVD is in the original aspect radio of the film, so this is "as good as it gets".  I couldn't find anywhere, where Amazon indicates this.
 I supposed to any John Wayne fan, this movie have to be one of his best ever. To an non-John Wayne fan and you haven't seen this movie, you will be very pleasantly surprise. It proves to be a finely crafted film, well directed, scripted and fill with interesting characters. John Farrow directed this film and he did a good job. The movie was based on Louis L'Amour novel and having read the book, I thought the movie did great justice to it.  John Wayne played his role well although most people will never believed him to be "half-Indian". His support of Indians' position proves to be quite enlightening considering when this movie was made. Wayne managed to bring out his character with skills which often belied many critics who only believed that Wayne can only be Wayne. Geraldine Page is perfect as Wayne's love interest. She's supposed to be "homely looking and I supposed she had to "downgrade her looks to play the part. The movie proves to be well supported by a good cast such as Ward Bond, James Arness and Michael Pate.  The movie initially came in 3-D effect and the VHS tape I owned is in that effect. So everytime I played the movie, I have to put on those silly 3D glasses which create some eyestrain after a while. Good thing the movie is only 84 minutes long. The 3D effects isn't that bad but I thought the movie could have gone without it. Some of the scenes were made for the 3D like the knife coming toward you and such things you see when you go and watch Terminator 3D at Universal Studios. Without the 3D, these scenes looked pretty awkward and weak.  Despite of that, Hondo Lane would be one of the greatest characters played by Wayne. Its too bad that DVD release on this movie haven't been done yet and if it does come out someday, it should be release in its original 3D format with the 3D glasses enclosed inside the DVD container.  Movie come highly recommended for anyone who likes western.
 Hondo is a mighty impressive film. It is that rare western that greatly succeeds on on a technical level, as well as an emotional level.  John Wayne and co-star Geraldine Page have amazing chemistry, and child actor Lee Aaker is wonderful and believable as the little boy. (unlike the many phony child actors that were common in the 50s)  The story closely follows the Louis L'Amour novel it was based on, and that is a big plus. It's a very mature and complex tale that is handled with confidence and grace by a great cast, crew and director.  This wonderful film is yet more proof that John Wayne wasn't just an iconic "movie star, but this man was a superb actor in all regards.  Highly recommended.
 WOW...  I can't believe that for $10 ...we get a great version of  a classic John Wayne movie..HONDO!  That isn't all though...a fabulous "Making Of with some of the main players from the movie and a couple of featurettes on  the screenwriter and Ward Bond...an  incredible package for the money.  I hope this company is going to do all the Wayne re-issues...I believe they did McLintock, High and the Mighty and Island in the Sky...all fabulous transfers and great extras...truly make the movie more enjoyable to  learn about how it came about....  PLEASE buy this...if you are a Wayne fan you'll love it and encourage further grade  A treatments of the Dukes movies instead of the crappy transfers with no  extras we are used to ..  buy it now ..PILGRIM!
 If you've seen "The Searchers, then John Wayne's portrayal of Hondo Lane will remind you in some ways of Ethan Edwards, the angry, "racist lead character in his later, better-known movie.   But they're different -- "Hondo gives its own spin on life in the Old West, unlike the latter movie of Wayne's. Ethan Edwards of "The Searchers is an enraged, hating man; Hondo Lane is calmer, more observant of life in general, given to wise, laconic comments about how to survive as a loner in the West to Geraldine Page's well-meaning but often flighty ranch wife, who is ultimately his love interest in the film.   Ethan Edwards knew the Indians and their ways, and hated them. Hondo Lane knows the Indians and their ways -- he is candid about being part-Indian himself -- and makes no secret of his respect for them. As a result, the Apaches who menace the settlers and fight the Cavalry in "Hondo are portrayed more sympathetically, and with more nuances, than Edwards' despised Comanches. On the other hand, "Hondo tends to idealize the Indians as "noble savages -- Hondo Lane claims in a couple of scenes that the Apaches never lie. In "The Searchers, one might say, the Comanches are at least portrayed as more human and flawed.   Edwards had no pets that we are made aware of -- but Hondo has Sam. That is, Sam consents to travel with him. The fiercely independent, don't-pet-me-or-I'll-bite-you dog, who forages for his own food (I don't need no humans to feed me!), tags along with Hondo, once drowning an Indian who had tried to kill his human friend. The film resists the temptation to have Hondo grieve or sentimentalize when Sam is speared and killed later by another Indian. This seems harsh on first viewing -- but wait. Hondo has made it clear that he is an unsentimental, practical loner who takes care of himself. Sam was the same way. Now Sam is gone, and Hondo doubtless hurt for him in his innermost soul. But we are shown no manifestation of it. Somehow, that's the way it should be in this Western.   The action sequences in "Hondo are even better than those in the later, longer "The Searchers. Wayne appears to have done a lot of -- but not all of -- his own stunts in "Hondo. But he was three years younger than when he made "The Searchers".   Last but not least there is Ward Bond, playing Hondo's long-time trail pal. Bond portrayed only one part -- if you've seen one movie with him, you've seen all his roles -- but he played it superbly. Also, look for a very young James Arness in a small but key speaking role; a year or two later he would rocket to TV fame as Matt Dillon in "Gunsmoke. Wayne reportedly helped him to land the plum role.   "Hondo is an exceptional Western which never got the attention it deserved because the same year, Alan Ladd made "Shane. Here's your chance to see it for the first time, 56 years after it was made. It's well worth it.
 wayne is in fine form as hondo lane, rider and sometime scout for the army. hondo's best friend is a dog(used here to good effect and again in big jake) as the stiry opens hondo is running from the apaches and has lost his horse.as he walks in the desert he finds a farm with a boy and his mother(geraldine page who got an oscar nod on this her first movie)and stays for a little while.he also begins too fall for her,and when he leaves he doesn't want to leave. soon he runs into the womans no good runaway husband and in a fight kills him. now it's up to hondo to protect the woman and her son from the apaches.    at 84 mins this is one great movie that i wish had lasted even longer. wayne and page have great on screen sparks and the action is first rate. not to be missed.
 HONDO.  One of the better John Wayne westerns according to "LIFE AND TIMES OF THE WESTERN MOVIE (and myself) is now available in DVD format. This Batjac production had been a collector's dream for a long time. Years ago I bought a VHS tape that did not satisfy me, but this DVD has got all it takes.  In Hondo, John Wayne plays a cavalry dispatch rider who helps a lonely woman (Geraldine Chaplin) and her son (Lee Aaker) through an Indian uprising. Not a run-of-the-mill, cowboy versus Indians, this western shows a sympathetic view towards the Apaches who are gradually losing their way of life as the white men settle in the Southwest.  Wayne's character, Hondo, who is part Indian is caught in a crossfire when he has to defend the woman and her small boy in a conflict between Victorio's Apaches and the Cavalry.  Hondo is based on a novel by Louis Lamour and written by James Edward Grant. Director John Farrow had to quit his directorial assignment due to another engagement, so John Ford finished the movie unaccredited.  This DVD is loaded with extras, such as interviews, trailers, commentaries, the making of Hondo in the Camargo, Mexico, desert. In one of the extras John Wayne's son explains how they cleaned each frame of the movie prior to transferring it to DVD.  Watching it you will get to know some facets of John Wayne's personality that better explain why he stayed in the saddle so long and how he could fill the silver screen the way he did.
 Hondo
 HONDO is less well known that it should be. It is a good western starring the leading light of the genre, John Wayne.  Wayne plays the part of Hondo Lane who is first seen carrying dispatches for the cavalry in Arizona. His horse has been shot out from under him by Apaches and he wanders into a farmstead inhabited a woman and her young son. She is justifiably worried about the strange man and tries to maintain the fiction that her husband will be back at any time. Hondo sees through this but his direct, forthright and honest character makes an impression on her. It out that her husband has been gone for quite a while and she has no idea if or when he will return.  After Wayne leaves, the woman, played by Geraldine Page, is visited by the Apache leader Victorio. He is impressed by the bravery of her young son and has no personal animosity against the woman but warns her that she cannot stay without a husband to care for her and the son. He tries to set her up with some of his warriors but she manages to resist for a little while. Still, he warns her that her husband must return soon or she will be provided with a new husband.  Wayne, in the meantime, delivers his dispatches and the news is grim. The Apache are ready to rise. He gives the warning and then has a few run-ins with Page's absentee husband. They do not get along. Eventually, it is up to Wayne to save the day for the cavalry, the homesteader, Arizona and goodness and decency. It's a bit pat but it is fun.  The Indians are treated respectfully in this western. Along with Wayne himself, they are portrayed as the only completely honest people in the film. It is fun and exciting and well done.
 HONDO is a classic Western. John Wayne is perfect as Hondo, a man who says just what he means. There really seem to be no truly good or bad main characters in this movie. It's about how they just existed in the West. The photography and music are excellent.
 Hondo is one of the best of the  new  westerns of the 1950's. Written by Louis L'amour, Hondo- the book - was called by John Wayne  the best western story I've ever read.  I disagree with the reviewers who believe this is a  typical  or  formula  western. The fact that Hondo had killed the heroine's husband (and felt great trepidation over it) ;alone sets the movie apart. Some ironies in Hondo are
 I know some of the purest hate the Blu-Ray release because of it being released in Widescreen, and I do understand their point of view. I do feel they should have released both versions Blu-Ray certainly has the room for it and I am sure they already had a usable print of the film they could have used so I don't understand the decision not to include both. However, I already own the DVD of this great movie and I found the Blu-Ray to be well worth the purchase the picture in comparison to the DVD in my opinion it looks amazing, and I thought the DVD already looked pretty good. Again for me the upgrade in picture and sound on Blu-Ray was well worth it to me. I know some of the picture is missing and for some they can't get past that, but with this being the 1
 This is a great western film, fast-paced and enjoyable throughout.  I've watched it a few times, and what really impresses me is that the entire cast actually seem to be enjoying what they are doing.  This transfers to the audience.  This is one of Wayne's best performances and I believe his line at the end where he calls for the wagon train to move out became a favorite of impersonators (something like  wagon, ho! ).  Along with  Shane , this is one of my favorite westerns, and the plots are similar.  However, these are two very different films.   Shane  is a sweeping epic of values and moral dilemmas, beautifully filmed and acted, patiently paced.   Hondo  is shorter, faster, and simply put, a lot of fun.
 This is an overlooked John Wayne movie. Because of the unusual 3-D format, many people seem to forget this one. Wayne is at his best as the tough/tender Hondo Lane. I would recommend this to all John Wayne fans.
 Although not historically or tactically accurate a great enterprising movie. The DVD special features make it worth collecting. A fine example of 3D even though it never caught on. (kinda like Blu-Ray) A must have for a John Wayne movie collector.
 Wish today's actors were more "men men as in the past years!!  Only John Wayne could excel in Hondo, The Quiet Man,  Hatari, for example.  Must admire those like Robert Mitchum, Paul Newman, Bob Hope, etc., who were married to the same woman for many years!!!
 This gorgeous little movie is one of the few Wayne ever did where the story stays true to the Western genre and doesn't insult your intelligence at the same time. (see<a href="http
 Simply put - Honda is a classic Western movie that any Duke fan should watch. John Wayne puts in a great performance as the outcast Hondo who stumbles upon trouble between the settlers, US Army, and Apaches. Not a stranger to troubld Hondo manages to stay alive and protect others in this rather dangerous situation.  This movie contains classic Western scenes - like the horse chase scene where Honda tries to outrun the Apaches, or the final battle scene where the Army "circles the wagons to defend against the vicious attack. The characters are memorable, and the dialogue is quite entertaining. John Wayne is perfect for the role of Hondo. His real man approach to problems is refreshing.  Many other reviewers have provided the plot details. Needless to say the story is entertaining, and even includes a love story subplot. I highly recommend this class movie to any John Wayne fan, or those who like Westerns from the 50s. You will enjoy this one.
 This is one of "The Duke's best performances. He portrays Hondo Lane, a tough loner with a dark past but at the same time a man with high morals. The movie is true to Louis LaMour's book and Wayne does the character justice. The quality of this film is great (It was actually a 3-D picture) and the features are entertaining and informative. Wayne's late son Michael appears in one of the features. The DVD cover displays one of the most famous images of Wayne and it is from the first scene when Hondo walks in from nowhere and into the lives of the supporting characters. If you are wishing to start a John Wayne collection, Hondo is a great one to begin with. Also reccomended
 "Do what you want to do was cavalry scout Hondo Lane's philosophy of life for dealing with people. Lane (John Wayne)held to the notion that showing was better than telling where human interactions were involved, and that lessons learned first hand tended to stay with you longer than did advice given.  Hence he'd give up telling a boy (Lee Aaker...later "Corporal Rusty to tv's Rin Tin Tin) not to try petting a feral dog and let him "do what he wanted to do". He did, and he got bit. And learned his lesson. Lane figured if you did what you wanted, you'd either end up right or wrong. If you ended up right, good for you. If you came up wrong you took the consequences, learned the lesson (hopefully), and wouldn't make the same kind of mistake again. A bit of a spin on Nietsche's "That which does not kill you makes you strong philosophy.    A tough philosophy, but one that would serve one well in the  1880s desert southwest during the violent Apache wars.    This film is one I have long adored, but haven't seen in many years until this new DVD release from Paramount. I remember when I saw it first, where I saw it first, and under what circumstances. Saw it as a first grader when it came out in '53. My dad picked me up from school on his day off and took me to an afternoon matinee at the Plaza Theatre in Greenville, SC. I ate this movie up and, despite some of the info given out by Leonard Maltin and others on this new disc to the effect that the 3D version only showed in NY and LA and maybe one or two other big cities, I know for a FACT that I SAW it in 3D here in Joanne Woodward's home town because I was chattering for  DAYS about arrows and spears flying out at you from the screen,  and about horses almost trampling you....and weird little green and red plastic glasses you had to wear to see it. Sorry Mr. Maltin, I love you as a movie critic and I know you have good sources on your film histories...but you're just WRONG about THIS one!    Great film this, 3D OR 2d. Great performances,great cinematography, great stunt work, great story, great dialog, and...beyond just performances...great CHEMISTRY between the principles. This is one of the best Duke westerns; right up there with Red River, the Searchers, Rio Bravo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and The Shootist. As a six-year-old at it's release I carried away from it two burning images
 I found this movie too be a good character study for the duke.  It made a conserted try at bridging the gap between the white/settlers vs. the native americans/plains indians on how they related on a one to one basis instead of the enmasse scenarios which usually occupy the screen.  It made for a more entaining surprise that what was available for the times in the treatment of our native americans.  I highly recommend it for its simple format and good character study over any of the fight scenes that were shown.  A fine simple approach which is missing from the current lot of movies.
 Hondo ranks among the best of Duke's work and is a classic among classics.  It my be my all time favorite John Wayne movie even though i have not seen it for decades.  it left such an impact with its simple yet compelling story
 I'm a true John Wayne fan. I will collect as many of his films as possible. Hondo is one of his best. Geraldine Page won an oscar for this film. John should have too. They were HOT! I liked the dog too.
 Quality is good, product is what I expected.  Delivery was excellent.  Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for John Wayne movies.
 Most other John Wayne westerns show the Indians as faceless attackers. Not this one! Cavalryman Hondo Lane (John Wayne), himself part Apache, has a working relationship with one of the Apache chiefs. He alludes to the fact that the US government had broken a treaty with the Apaches.  Hondo gets to know a solitary-living pioneer woman, Angie Lowe, and her six year-old son Johnny. The absence of her husband leads to problems, such as an Apache chief wanting to take her as his wife. At one point, the six year-old shoots an Apache in defense of his mother. The plot unfolds in more ways than one, as Hondo and Angie develop feelings for each other, and Hondo has to acknowledge what he knows about her husband's death. For her part, she has to realize the fact that the Apaches will soon kill her if she does not flee, and deal with the fact that her husband had been a lout and cheat, and how her little son is to remember his father. Dying an honorable death is paramount in that culture.  There are several savage battles shown between the Apaches and the settlers. Only the death an Apache leader will cause the Apache warriors to disperse.  WARNING
 Not only is this a great movie, but the DVD has loads of extras including a making of feature, a commentary, photo gallery, trailers, and more.  This is the first time I have ever seen this movie and being able to watch it on full screen, in the comfort of my own home, without loud kids or loud adults, is great.  Geraldine Page is a good actor and lovely to boot.  John Wayne is, of course, perfect in this movie as Hondo Lane who is the lone cavalry rider who becomes the hero of the film.
 This is a terrific movie.  It has everything a good, old-fashioned western should have.  Scenery, indians and good guys and bad ones.  I thought they would never release it...and am so glad they finally did. Great story...and great cast.
 The best John Wayne western not directed by John Ford or Howard Hawks, "Hondo shows the Duke at the peak of his powers. Helmed by John Farrow (Mia's dad), the film is stunningly photographed, with a tight, trim story brought to life by a luminous Page (in her film debut), the ever-reliable Ward Bond as Hondo's friend Buffalo Baker, and Michael Pate as Vittorio, the Apache chief. Also look for James Arness in a pivotal role- he'd go on to make his career in Westerns on TV's long-running "Gunsmoke".
 I would rate is a 4-star DVD.  I am a John Wayne and a Louis L'Amour fan. I love westerns.  The movie Hondo is true to L'Amour's book, it's almost verbatim. The characters are strong and the story is exciting.  You can't go wrong with a combination like that.  Andrea
 This is one of John Wayne's best movies !!!! Kind of reminded me of one of my all time favorites "Shane".
 John Wayne is the best there is and always will be! A true american icon!
 This is a great movie adaptation of a very good book by Louis L'Amour.  If you like his books & you like John Wayne, how could it be wrong?
 This item was shipped quickly and arrived in good condition.  I have already watched it a couple of times and it plays very well.
 I remember in the very early `90s, Hondo was shown on television in 3D. It was a big deal, and being a kid who loved Westerns, I begged my dad to take me to 7-11 where they were selling the 3D glasses. Well, the big night came and I loved Hondo! After that, I didn't see it again until its recent release on Blu-ray. This is a great Wayne film! I had forgotten much of the movie in the twenty-plus years since I had seen it, so it was basically like watching it for the first time. The picture looks great, and the sound is better than it had been in past home video editions (I saw two or three minutes of it on DVD once, and the sound was not so great).  As for the film itself, the story moves along at a brisk pace and is never boring. There are shoot-outs, chases, plenty of suspense, and even a knife fight! Even though I just bought and watched my Blu-ray a few weeks ago, I already want to see this film again!  The movie is very clean and is suitable for almost all ages (I have no problem with my seven year old son watching it). As a bonus we get an introduction by the always wonderful Leonard Maltin. In addition, there is a commentary track with Maltin and Frank Thompson (Frank has a very good podcast called The Commentary Track that fans of classic films should love-look it up!). Overall, this is a great movie released in a great format.
 I bought this movie for the wife, when asked how she would review it she said  Hell yeah, as good now as when it first came out, And John Wayne to boot. How can you go wrong with John Wayne? I've viewed this movie several times and always enjoy it.  It stays very close to the story line in the book.  Always an entertaining film.
 Good john wayne movie. Love the blu ray quality good story. Hope to see more blu ray westerns especially the good ones.
 Beautifully done.  I would have liked to have seen it released as a 3D movie, like it was originally.  Even as a dual pack would have been nice.
 Maybe I'm biased, but I think every John Wayne western adventure is worth owning.  This one is no exception.  Right off the bat, when the lettering hits the screen, it is exceptionally bright and crisp, something totally lacking in any other DVD transfer I've seen.  I found myself not so much listening directly to the Duke and the other characters, but looking at the scenery that is truely spectacular.  I did not watch it on my home theater system, instead watching it in the bedroom.  The time flew by.  Most of John Wayne's westerns are now out on Blue-Ray, some harder to find than others but all worth the again purchase price to own.  You will not regret getting this.
 Excellent movie and in my opinion one of the Duke's best. It sent the usual John Wayne message of good versus bad. The ending was weak, in my opinion, but the main body was very well done. One of my favorites  Bob leray
 John Wayne has again made a wonderful movie, now available on DVD.  I have never seen a movie that he made that wasn't great.  The price for this DVD was a great deal!
 <a href="http
 this product came as promised and arrived in time for Christmas.  I had purchased it  a little late in the chirstms season but I received it in time!  product in excellelnt shape
 This was one of the first Duke films I saw (back in '82 on Cable TV, not in theaters in the 50's) so it shaped my thoughts of him. He gets caught and humbled by the savage indians and he spends some time in the film talking to a little boy (and the kid's mother). But in spite of therse humble elements of story he still remains larger than life as a character and presence. Excellent cinematography too.
 With a 2 year old, coming up with a video that will settle her down for more than 5 minutes is a challenge. This is the only video that she will watch beginning to end, and she loves the songs! She likes  dancing to the  music, especially Gloria Estefan. The Shawn Colvin, Jimmy Buffet and Kenny  Loggins pieces really calm her down. She also laughs a lot at the misshaps  during the Rosie O'Donnel part. I highly recommend it for parents (both for  your kinds and you)...
 I have to disagree with the reviewer who says this video isn't good for little kids.  My daughter LOVES this video and has since she got it for her first birthday.  She wants to watch it over and over.  Her 4 year old cousin wants to watch it whenever he comes to visit. It's fun enough that you don't mind watching it over and over again.  John Stewart and David Alan Grier are hilarious and the music is great.  The only part that I don't particularly care for is Rosie O'Donnell, but that's just because I don't like her. Buy it for your kids.  You won't be disappointed
 I see a lot of ambivalence about this DVD, and I would like to put in my two cents in support of it. My two-year-old likes it a lot, and I think the songs and storyline are rich enough to hold his interest into the early elementary years. I consider it a great value for that reason. It is essentially a collection of kid-friendly music "videos presented in the context of an accompanying storyline. Don't expect to see Elmo in every song, but he is central to the storyline and appears frequently between songs. Parents will find this entertaining. The storyline is funny, the songs are enjoyable for all, and the production values are outstanding. I confess, at first I feared my son would be bored by it because the storyline and music are a little more sophisticated than the usual singsong children's fare. But kids thrive on repetition, and after just a few viewings, he became familiar with the music. Now he asks for this DVD frequently, and I am always happy to oblige.
 I got this for a dollar at a garage sale on VHS and it was well worth much more! My daughter specifically requests this video in her regular rotation of elmo's world, sesame street 25th anniversary, and baby einstein videos.  She sings along as best she can and loves all the little "videos that are in it.  I think it makes a nice change of pace from just the muppet shows.  My first thought when I watched it was that the music was great, but the plot was left something to be desired.  But after watching it over and over and over... I don't mind the plot at all and there are some really great little jokes thrown in for the adults.  We are big jon stewart fans so having him star in it is a plus!
 I bought Elmopalooza for my 4 kids and they all love it!  My 12 month old likes it best.  It's not just Elmo and Sesame Street characters...David Alan Grier helps Elmo host the show while Jon Stewart is stuck in his dressing room.  This will be a great gift for kids who love Sesame Street and music.
 My 2 1/2 year old loves Elmo.  It's a cute tape with Childrens music on it. I love it.
 WE ALL LOVE THIS VIDEO.  IT IS NOT ONLY FOR CHILDREN, BUT ADULTS AS WELL.  IT IS ONE OF FEW VIDEOS SHE WILL WATCH FOR SHE IS NOT A TV FAN.  KEEPS HER ENTERTAINED WHILE I GET DINNER READY.  ITS A MUST HAVE IN MY OPINION!!!!
 My son watched this movie ALL the time when he was a toddler. So much that we wore the dvd out! Now we purchased another copy for my toddler daughter who is an Elmo fanatic. What a great kid's video! (Entertaining for adults too!)
 This is the only video that will keep our child happy when she's upset.  She's been watching it since she was three months old.  I think my husband and I have seen it over 100 times and we still enjoy it.  It has a variety of musical acts, all very entertaining and creative.  Jon Stewart is hilarious!
 The music is addictive, we've had this DVD for 9 months or so now and it's one my daughter asks for by name.  I've just ordered the CD for the car because she's always singing songs from it!  We love the Shawn Colvin version of "Don't Want to Live on the Moon it's very sweet and we sing it a lot together!
 Don't look too much into this show; just enjoy it for what it is
 This is a fabulous and funny musical tribute to Sesame Street.  It is a great variety show (a la Muppet Show) which is a plus.  Jon Stewart plays a great part of the would-be show host that gets locked in his dressing room.  Elmo is prevalent, but not as much as the title would suggest.  I don't believe that it is enough to give it disparaging marks!   (For those of you who are hung up on Elmo, check out Elmo in Grouchland!) Rosie, Shawn and all of the stars are gregarious and wonderful for children to watch.  In fact, it is a video that I enjiy watching with or without my children!!! 5 stars!
 hey i like these type of movies people call them camcorder movies read who made the movie before you buy these black movies
 This film was the funniest and most surreal thing I have seen in years. When William Wallace is having a dream sequence there is actually a sheep in a purple teddy, a pink boa, and a sheep's mask on. Wallace peels the sheep's mask back to see the sheep underneath. I laughed so hard I start hyperventilating. It helps if you have seen Braveheart since it is a spoof of that film, but it is still funny if you haven't. I really like the fact that it was a spoof that was done respectfully. You could tell that the film makers weren't poking fun at Mel Gibson or making the Braveheart out to be a bad film, they were just having fun with a different perspective of the William Wallace legend. It really reminded me of the Holy Grail. This movie really needs to be seen by everyone. You will either absolutely love, it like I did, or you will hate it.
 The theater was packed and everyone was laughing so hard I missed some of the jokes. My face hurt so bad from laughing I almost cried. I can't believe they actually pulled this off. Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!!!
 What a ridiculous riot! This low budget film is very entertaining, clever and funny!! It reminded me of the days of Monte Python and the has the potential to cultivate a following that enjoys audience participation. Sir William Wallace has a crush on sheep and the Kings off spring aren't sure if they are really gay! The old world meets new world slap-stick comedy is sure to get you going. This film is easily one you will want to see more than once! At the premier, all throughout the film, the whole theater was cracking up, cheering and clapping!! I think it helps if you have seen Braveheart or know the story so you can appreciate all the cleverness the film delivers!
 Make no mistake that this movie is not a high qaulity movie, but it is outrageous.  If you like Team America, Dude, Where's My Car, Airplane, The Holy Grail, you will totally love this film.  It has like 200 drunken Irish guys who have never acted before that went out and made this movie making fun of Braveheart.  I first saw it in the theater at midnight with 150 other drunken idiots throwing inflatable sheep around and screaming lines at the screen like Rocky Horror Picture Show.  IT WAS SO MUCH FUN.  I bought the DVD and it has tons of outtakes and deleted scenes.  Well worth the money!!!!
 Whether you loved or hated Braveheart... who cares. This film is HILARIOUS!!! Raw undiscovered talent and clever, perverse writing carry you through Wallace's self-inquiry into his sexual identity. Need I say more? This is a MUST see! Welcome back to the age of forgotten pure comedy.
 This stylish, hip thriller of the early 80's is a cult classic. Featuring Wilhelmenia Wiggins-Fernandez, a real-life Diva. In the film she plays Cynthia Hawkins, an opera singer who refuses to record her  music. Fr&eacute;d&eacute;ric Andr&eacute;i (Jules) is a loner messenger boy, who makes a  beautiful bootleg recording of one of her recitals. He also becomes the  unknowing recipient of a tape containing evidence about the Paris  underworld, setting off a chain of events where everyone's motives are  misunderstood.  Sad to say, this good film is seriously marred by the  worst sound transfer I have ever heard on a DVD. It is muddy and  indistinct, much worse than most VHS tapes. Because the voice of  Wilhelmenia Wiggins-Fernandez is central to the plot, the poor audio  quality makes it hard to understand why anyone would make such a fuss about  recording her.  The video transfer is not great, but passable, however  the audio quality seriously dimishes the impact of a good film. If you  listen to the compact disk soundtrack, you'll know what you're missing.  This DVD looks like it was rushed to market with very little thought or  care.  The film deserves a better fate.
 O.K.  Lets cut straight to the chase and make it short and sweet. First most important thing - I don't understand the negative reviews of the "Meridian Collection by Lionsgate version of Diva, I really don't. Maybe these people have something wrong with their TV/Video settings? I watched this on my new flat screen LCD TV connected to the stereo and experienced absolutely no problems. This is one of the best French films of all time. It is a completely unique piece of cinema. If you like quirky movies that have romance, comedy, suspense, intrigue, drama, cute boys, beautiful women, eccentric artists, corrupt police, angelic singing, amazing cinematography, excellent soundtracks, accordian loving hitmen and not to mention the X-factor..........then this is your movie! It is the classic of classics. It is very French. When I was a "green 19 year old in 1987, a mature age student(female) at college recommended this movie to me. She said
 Jean-Jacques Beineix's ultra-stylish adaptation of Delacorta's hip crime novel DIVA remains nearly as exciting twenty years later as it was when it came out.  A bit of the sheen has come off simply because it was so stylish in terms of the moment it was made.  Nonetheless, so many things in it stand out as brilliantly today as when it came out.  The main chase scene with the protagonist fleeing the bad guys on his scooter remains as exciting today as ever.  The movie is a blend of timeless and topical elements, and the latter have aged gracefully, while the former can hardly age at all. The film is based loosely on a novel by Delacorta, who wrote a series of books centering on the adventures of Serge and Alba, the former being an exceptionally vague sort of crime solver, and the latter a beautiful and exceptionally young female companion.  The movie pushes the two lead characters of the novel and makes them secondary to the plot, and takes the blonde young girl and makes her Asian.  Beineix is less concerned with their story than with that of Jules, a young man who has made a surreptitious, high quality recording of a African American opera singer who refuses to be recorded for mass distribution.  The plot revolves around his accidentally and unknowingly becoming involved (a la Hitchcock) with criminals, and being simultaneously being chased by them and by others who want his recording. When DIVA came out, it seemed to be heralding the arrival of a major new directorial talent in Jean-Jacques Beineix.  He followed DIVA with the beautiful to look at but overall quite disappointing THE MOON IN THE GUTTER.  His subsequent output has also failed to fulfill the promise that DIVA seemed to announce.  Be this as it may, it hardly undermines the brilliance of his debut effort.  It remains one of the great thrillers of the past two decades, and as exciting today as ever.
 I was about to buy the DVD since I found it in a store near home. I am glad I read the reviews and hope that the poor sound gets fixed for the DVD... and that the poor reviews get deleted (the ones about sound quality, that is). This is one of my favorite movies and I'd really like to have a copy. I wish there were far more foreign films in this site. There's a whole world out there that people do not understand because there is too much of the same around...
 After reading the reviews of the Lionsgate issue of Diva, I almost didn't buy the DVD.  I looked at the price of other issues, and decided on Lionsgate because it was less expensive, offered extra features, and I knew I could return it if the quality turned out to be poor.  I'm so glad I bought this.  The picture had very minor graininess which was not distracting.  The thing was made in 1981!  The sound is good.  The subtitles are clear and easy to follow.  The features are wonderful for any film buff, with interviews with the director, other people involved in the production, as well as a few cast members.  There is also scene specific commentary by director, Jean-Jacques Beineix.  All interviews and commentary have English translations.  The story has been summarized by other reviewers.  I did not see in the other reviews any note of the link with the real-life diva, Jessye Norman.  Shirley Verrett stated in her autobiography that the story, Diva,  was inspired by a very dedicated fan of Norman's.  Norman said in an interview that this French fan--now deceased--was a messenger by trade.  He traveled all over Europe to attend Norman's performances.  She knew him, speaks of him by name (Alain), and was fond of him--though there was no close friendship.  That's where the resemblance between him and Diva's protagonist, Jules, ends.
 Just got the DVD of this classic cult film that I had not seen for at least 15 years.  Strangely enough it does not seem to have dated much at all.  Tough to describe this film, but it is one of my all time favourites. Sometimes less is more, and Diva is low on plot, high on style and atmosphere (think Blade Runner style in 1980s Paris)  As for the sound transfer, not awesome, but the opening aria was still capable of stirring the emotions on my home theater (although if you hear a Maria Callas recording of the same, it is quite mindblowing).  Unlike many "cool French films of the 80s and 90s, Diva goes strong from beginning to end.  Once you've seen Diva, buy Subway... one of the all time great opening scenes / car chases... but can't sustain that pace. Great opening chase though, with background music from Propaganda... and I defy anyone to put Propaganda in the car CD player and NOT get a speeding ticket 
 Most films are produced by professional production houses and have elements of the formulaic. They are action thrillers, romances, horrors or mysteries. Production companies will use teams of writers a bank of directors and hire actors who have some star quality. Some films from production houses are good, most are mediocre and some are bombs. However most tend to be reasonably simple in construction and use the same tools of audience manipulation. Diva is a film that is different from the main stream. It is in reality simply a mystery thriller with a well-written comic plot. From that point of view it can not be said to be an intellectual film it is very much a main stream production. However whilst not an intellectual film it is a intelligent film.  The plot is multi dimensional. A courier secretly tapes the performance of a reclusive opera star. The opera star has never allowed her work to be copied so that the tape is immensely valuable. At the same time a dying woman puts into the couriers bag a tape which holds the clue to a major corruption scandal. The film is about the pursuit of the courier by two lots of villains, one chasing the recording the others chasing the tape.  Introduced into the mix is the character of a detective figure who is unlike the conventional action hero as one can be. A character who is obsessed with a Zen like philosophy, who lives in a huge bar apartment and does incredibly complex jigsaw puzzles and who makes strange speeches on the art of buttering the baguette.  Rather than the film being powered by a simple plot each scene is carefully crafted both to develop the narrative of the film and also to illustrate the feel of the film and to define the characters. The opening scene is a glorious aria from the rather obscure opera La Wally. The aria is one of subtle beauty and gravity and it is sung by the Diva of the title who is a woman of incredible attractiveness.  The key of course is that the film is entertaining and keeps one interested, as it does not use the normal formulas and resolutions of conventional mysteries. It is rather an entry into a slightly strange surreal world. Although France makes its share of dud films, films like this give it the reputation of a country which makes films which are more enjoyable than those released by the mainstream.
 The remastered version is wonderful. It allows a really great film to be appreciated properly. The french is easy to follow and some of te film is in English. THe subtitles are well done and accurate.
 Even if you don't like French or foreign films, you will enjoy this gem.  This film still stands the test of time.  A classic film with a quirky and brilliant story and cast, superb music and great plotting and cinematography. This version is clear, both for sound and visual images.  A must for any DVD collection!
 This is a great movie with a nice plot. Best of all is the performance of soprano Wilhelmina Wiggins Fernandez and the music of "La Wally from Catalani, an opera rarely performed but nevertheless stunningly beautiful. Even if you have never been exposed to opera you will love the music and maybe this will be the beginning of a new journey into the world of opera.
 Good to see this great movie was re-transfered.  The first DVD version of this movie missed the artistry of the movie
 The French just have a way with making really cool noir type films.  I've recently raved `Le Doulos' and have continually praised `Le Samourai'; both 60's films, but even 1981's `Diva' is an extraordinary example of the perfect mood to compliment the intricate story.  Director Jean-Jacques Beineix masterfully weaves an interesting and engaging tale of opera, mobsters and police corruption, all the while maintaining a steady feeling of `coolness', a coolness that pervades each scene.  In `Diva', Frederic Andrei plays Jules, a young mail carrier who is obsessed with the beautiful and talented opera singer Cynthia Hawkins.  Truly a diva, Hawkins refuses to record any of her music, only performing live where she can feed off the energy of her audience.  Jules, being a huge fan of hers, sneaks in a recorder to her concert, so that he can listen to her whenever he wishes.  When his recording gets mixed up with a tape made by a witness from an ongoing police case, Jules finds himself being pursued from all ends; by the police, by mobsters and even by Taiwanese bootleggers who want his Hawkins `recording'.  The story is really three or four stories interwoven in a way that makes them feel like one story.  You have the story of Jules obsession and subsequent relationship with Cynthia; you have his relationship with Alba and Gorodish, young thieves; you have his pursuit by the aforementioned and then you have the story of the police case and it's relation to Jules.  All four of these sub-plots are handled in such a fluid manner than none ever feels detached from the other.  They all coincide in perfect harmony.  The acting is very good from everyone involved.  Frederic Andrei delivers nicely as Jules, capturing his adoration as well as his confusion as he handles all that is happening around him.  I also really liked what Richard Bohringer did with his small role as Gorodish, and I only wish that he had more screen time.  The two standouts here are the two ladies in Jules' life; Wihelmenia Fernandez (who plays Cynthia) and Thuy An Luu (who plays Alba).  Fernandez is stunning and very controlled as the diva herself, commanding each screen and bleeding forth her characters personal agenda.  Luu is also a stunner here, managing to caress each frame with a dominating sensuality and gripping manner.  They are two completely opposite ends of the equation, and together they equal perfected unity.  Someone once told me that the acting in this film plays against realism, that it feels almost fake but on purpose.  I agree.  The film is played out someone like a fantasy, like a surreal dream and so the actors take on that same tone with their performances.  There is a level of human detachment here that is subtle enough not to detract from the film but obvious enough to actually create another layer, another element to the films already engrossing and unique atmosphere.  So, in closing, I consider this a definite `must see' film; a stunning and engrossing and beautiful film noir that covers every base perfectly.
 A truly fascinating film, with a fascinating premise, really stylish production values, an intricate and exciting plot, and fine performances---and it all starts so simply, before quickly becoming thrillingly-complex. Jules, a young mail carrier, is fascinated by a temperamental American opera singer who has never permitted her voice to be recorded. One evening, he sneaks a high-quality recording device into one of her concerts---which catches the attention of a consortium of shady record producers. Unbeknownst to poor Jules, a desperate whistleblower, with important imformation about a web of governmental corruption, has slipped a vital piece of evidence into his carrier bag, so that a second batch of crooks is also after him. He gets the chance to meet his idol in person, and also gets involved with a young shoplifter with the strangest, almost-inert philosopher of a boyfriend...But can his friends rescue him from the nasty folks who are after him? Can he rescue himself? DIVA is really a marvelously-tangled web
 DIVA is my favorite French film of all time! It is full of nail-biting intrigue, beautiful scenery, superb music, fabulous acting... have I said enough? The Jardins des Tuilleries will never be the same for you after  seeing it in this film veiled in the early morning Parisian mist- to die  for! Extremely romantique!!!
 Feels like pretentious drivel at times but always looks so damned good. This is one of my favorite films of all time. Just make sure you've got a good stereo to capture the music.  The zen of buttering bread. A giant jigsaw. Crash helmet on the mannequin. Warehouse living at its finest. Rollerblading asian girl. Moped chase in the metro.  Superb.
 'Stumbled' upon 'Diva' on Sunday, 03/18/2007.  I can't add to the opinions already expressed.  I'm getting my copy ASAP!  Overall, I found this film different, but excellent.  If you ever catch this film on cable, watch it!  It will surprise you!  Five stars for 'Diva!'  (05/24/2007)To follow-up with reviewers and potential buyers.  I purchased my DVD new for $18.93/US from a third-party on Amazon.  Now parties are asking $40+/US?  It appears that in this case, timing really is EVERYTHING when it comes to the 'Diva' DVD!  I guess I just got lucky - still, 'Diva' is an excellent movie - just wait and see if the price goes down below $20/US (if you can!), then make your buy!
 awesome!  so many twists and turns and SURPRISES.  do not hesitate to watch this.  it really is as good as it gets.
 This is one of the very first movies I was ever motivated to buy. A stylish 1981 French art-house classic, "Diva was considered a failure until it was "discovered in Seattle, and after a notable run of almost a year, the distributor decided to re-release it. In 1982 it won four C&eacute;sars (French Academy Awards). That time it made its mark
 Diva is one of my Top 10 films - period.  Its place changes in the roster, but in the 15 years since I first saw it, it has NEVER dropped from the list.  Why?  Diva has everything.  It has crime - a touch of angsty romance - intrigue - a great soundtrack - plot twists - and two of the most memorable characters ever.  When you watch this film, watch the characters of "Le cure and "Gorodish".  Le cure is the small thug and Gorodish is the Zen Master of buttering bread.  Gorodish is one of my all time favorite characters on film.  The movie is great - but the DVD could use some remastering.  The 2001 DVD is head and shoulders above the earlier release in its sound quality, but I would love to see a remaster of the video also - I don't expect perfection from a film from 1987, but there are moments where I swear I can see the darker areas flicker - and not because they are supposed to!  If you haven't seen this and you can handle subtitles - you really should spend a couple of hours and give it a watch.
 I never got to see this film in the theatre but on PBS so I didn't get to experience the full brilliance of the music in stereo.  I'm not an opera fan nor can I speak French but this was the first subtitled film I'd ever seen and enjoyed.  This film holds a special place in my heart to this day as one of the more interesting films I've ever seen to date. Everything about it made me want to travel to Paris and live in a loft like "Jules".  Although the plot sounds confusing, as you sit there and allow yourself to be transported into these characters' worlds you'll be amazed (as I was) at how easy it is to follow along. This movie features beautiful photography, beautiful music and an exciting storyline - what's not to like? Don't be afraid of the subtitles - it is a really interesting & enjoyable movie.
 The rare film that is impervious to criticism.  If you are not drawn into the infectuous fun of this film then nothing will grab you.  This film is reminiscent of the stylings of John Wayne's work with John Ford except Ford didn't direct this picture.  The film was directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, son of Victor, who apprenticed at the feet of Ford so that may explain the similarities.  This is a handsome, sprawling, boisterous package.  The cast seem to be having a great time here and they are not remiss in letting the audience in on the fun.  Not known as a comedian John Wayne displays a deft comic touch here and not just light comedy.  At times he seems to be improvising and going for broke with some hilarious broad comedy.  It may be the presence of Maureen O'Hara in the cast who always brought out the best work from the Duke.  O'Hara is no slouch either as displayed in the film's final scenes where she is required to act in her girdle.  Good supporting cast adds to the fun.  Recommended for not only fans of the Duke but fans of great comedy.
 Just to chime in with the rest of the reviews - This is the worst transfer ever. I have the VHS and it is better than the DVD.  Stop this madness with the rush to market DVDs.  Do it right or don't do it at all!!!
 Due to this classic John Wayne film going into the public domain, there has been oodles of subpar versions of McLintock! on home video, most of them in 1.33 pan and scan fullscreen. Well, fans can rejoice as there is now a quality version available thanks to Paramount/Batjac, the Authentic Collector's Edition, and the transfer is from original film elements, and in anamorphic 2.35 Panavision widescreen! The quality of this DVD superb. This release also has some nice extras as well. A western comedy with a stellar all star cast, directed by John Wayne's son, Michael. Very recommended!
 Good family entertainment. One of John Wayne & Maureen O'Hara's best movies.  I can watch this movie over & over and it always makes me laugh. 
 McLintock is light comedy, western style. John Wayne is a cattle baron with family troubles. His wife is on the warpath and his daughter is just returning home from college with ideas of her own.  Life is complicated by a greedy territorial governor and local federal officials who want to take advantage of the local Indian population. On top of everything else a mob of settlers shows up wanting to set up shop as farmers.  Thru all this are memorable barbecues, mud slide fights, a rodeo, and the climatic show down between John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. Here's a hint ... if John Wayne AND Maureen O'Hara are in a movie, watch it.  The DVD presentation is acceptable for a move of this age. However, make sure you get the DVD officially released by the Wayne family's company, Batjac. Before their release there were some cheap unofficial releases with terrible problems with the audio track, so beware of those.
 I know for many that when it comes to the Duke the last movie they might think of is the movie McClintock but for me its the main movie I know him from and I admit that I love it. While John Wayne does show that he can be tough in this movie he shows that he can be very funny and be very good at it. The ability at comedy is only enhanced by Maureen O'Hara who plays McClintock's astranged wife who always seems to have a burr under her saddle but in those quick moments shows that under all her acts of high class that she still is very much like her husband. While some might disagree this film also gives people a small sense of what it was like in the West around the time that the film is taking place. It still is slightly Hollywood glamorized but it shows a more down to earth-type view of the West where you had to work but that doesn't mean you can't have a little fun along the way. This film also shows some of the relations between Native Americans and the American government and how they weren't always the best. This is a very entertaining movie and worthy to be part of any movie collection for those who wish to own it.
 I finally own the movie that almost out does the Quiet Man. If you love O'Hara and Wayne together, you cannot miss this one. A thrilling comedy for the whole family for now and years to come. You will laugh till it hurts and watch it twice because you will miss a lot while laughing out loud. Amazon delivers an excellent quality DVD.
 Once again we are entertained by the best of the best. The Duke, John Wayne, in one of the older movies. But still full of adventure, fun, laughter, action, and Americanism. The Old West is brought to life for us by the last great American Cowboy. The Duke! You can tell they do a good job by the beautiful scenery, grand music, and of course, the best of actors. Prepair to stay on the edge of your seat. Another great John Wayne western. Enjoy.
 Love this movie. I consider this to be one of John Wayne's finest movies. This is entertainment at its finest. They don't make movies like this any more. I would recommend this all.
 This is one of my favorites that the Duke made.  All of his films have a lesson and reminder that is just as relevant now as it was in our past. Yes, it is just a movie but one that stirs the fire for good things and that is what we need.
 I would note that people who buy cheap Asian knockoffs from an unknown source should not write Amazon reviews that criticize the quality.  This review is for the authorized DVD as listed on Amazon.  If you have another version, please save your complaints for some other Forum.  This is one of the better John Wayne motion pictures.  The character McLintock is an older rancher who has a charitable attitude.  He is friends with Indian chiefs, even though they tried to kill each other earlier in their lives.  He warns homesteaders that land is not suitable for farming, and hires one young man who needs to support his mother and sister.  He has a problem with his wife for reasons not given, and a daughter who just returned from college back east.  The story holds your interest as he deals with Indians, homesteaders, his wife, and his daughter.  He is an environmentalist of sorts who plans to leave most of his ranch to the government to use as a park.
 This is a wonderfull movie! I loved it! John Wayne did so god playing any part and any movie that most of his are always wonderful! This is another one of them! They have a wonderful cast, lots of action, and something for everyone! I think everyone should see this movie!=)
 This is one of the funniest, if not THE funniest Wayne/O'Hara movies ever! You never stop laughing - AT ALL!!!!!!!!!    Summary
 Hey, there are a lot of good John Wayne movies out there, but this is my personal favorite.  It is lighthearted, at times silly, and just plain fun.  The cast of this film is great, with every character complementing the rambunctious and drunken George Washington Mclintock (Wayne) perfectly.  This film has everything you and I have come to expect from a Wayne western--the fight scene, a couple of funny guys, and the woman he wins over with his gruff, no-nonsense sort of way.   I cannot recommend this movie enough.  Fans of Wayne will love it, and even those who are typically turned off by his shoot-em-up westerns will enjoy this lighthearted comedy.  This is great entertainment for the whole family.
 I think this is extremely funny.  It still shows him as the typical John Wayne with a sense of humor.  I hadn't seen it for some years and when I saw it again I laughed as hard as I had the first time.
 I grew up watching this movie with my Dad.  Also, one of my husband's favorites.  Doesn't matter how many times we have watched it, we laugh every time.  Despite we know the dialogue by heart, we continue to watch over and over
 One of the good John Wayne/Maureen O'Hara movies. Any of their fans will like this one!
 This is a very good movie and I would recommend others to view it. I have always liked John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. H.cAllister
 It is a great John Wayne flick, If you have never seen it( must be under a rock lol) its a fun movie to watch.
 A MUST SEE movie for those fans of Wayne and O'Hara, you can feel the chenistry between these two ooze from the screen.  A light hearted and breezy film, with a giant, fun free for all fight scene thrown in.
 This westernized version of "Taming of the Shrew is thoroughly enjoyable.  The O'Hara-Wayne team is always delightful.  Funny movie! Not the typical "shoot 'em up western.
 This was one of my favourite childhood films. I can remember curling up on the couch with my mother and watching this film many times. I wasn't sure what the DVD transfer would be like but it did not disappoint. Lots of extras as well. A must for John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara fans.
 This movie is one that if you haven't seen it, then try and see it... I bought this as AMC is no longer playing as much John Wayne as they used to and my dad started missing these... these were bought for Christmas so I could finally get rid of the VCR he continues to use... Heck I grew up watching these and I love it... Fav scene... watch for the fight where the "horse ran away", I love the mud pit action...
 I think its the best attempt at humor john Wayne did . AND IT'S IN MY OPINION ONE OF HIS BEST AND I'M A REAL MOVIE LOVER
 Needed to replace our copy with DVD.I checked over the different vendors.Amazons was the best price for me.I prefer using Amazon as I can track my order very easy.It arrived on time,looks good my husband is thrilled.He is a big fan.
 For any John Wayne fan, this movie is a must have!  My wife even likes this movie, and she can't stand the Duke.
 A true western comedy with my favorite actors. John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara at there best in this movie about fighting for the affection of there daughter. I really enjoyed this movie.
 I bought this as a gift but have seen the movie many times. It is great to see the sparks fly between John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. Good supporting cast.
 I bought this movie at a quick mart type store before and it was a disappointment. THIS AUTHENTIC VERSION WAS EXCELLENT! I highly recommend this for any Duke fan!
 Great movie. John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara are a perfect match. The movie is to be taken with a grain of sand in terms of the issues and attitudes being portrayed. If you can get past the "women are to be controlled attitude at the ending this is a wonderful movie. It really is a classic.
 This is a finely focused and astute script turned into a funny, touching, honest film...riding on the iconic shoulders of John Wayne. Under the mostly bubbling surface lay some deep themes that are exposed but not dwelt upon. Comedy seems to work best when there is a semi-tragic base for it to take flight from. If you are of a certain age and grew-up in John Wayne World then this film will be a real treat.
 Of course I may love it because of Maureen O'hara, but really it's just the funniest and most fun of all the Duke movies.  A few life lessons for the kids, fun to see some other actors when they were younger, and a great family flick (but my wife let the kids know I would never be allowed to spank her).
 Good old movie. One that is hard to find but good to watch over and over again. Picture quality very good. Shipping a little costly.
 The collector's edition of McClintock is great. The audio and the picture are very high quality and the movie is always a family favorite.
 McLintock is my Father's favorite John Wayne movie and the Goodtimes version is just fine.  He loves the music as much as the story.  Great Father's Day gift!
 If you are a McLintock fan, buy this DVD.  This is the best copy of the movie I have found.  This is the authorized version from Paramount and it's perfect. It is also widescreen so nothing is cut off, you see the whole film.  I have had other versions of this film on DVD and they were not worth watching.  I think some of the other reviewers have this verion confused with those, otherwise they would have rated this one higher.
 John Wayne and Maureen O'hara at their funniest.  This western, is full of great scenes.  This is one of my fall back favorites (when I am not sure what I want to watch I always put in this classic).
 The product arrived just as promised. It was packed very well and arrived very fast. I had no problems with this purchase and I would advise anyone to buy from this seller.
 Reading other reviews on this and wanted to let you know the reasoning for the bad quality of the DVD.  This is not the authorized version of the movie.  The authorized version released by Batjac (Wayne's production company) will have an orange cover.  The blue cover is not authorized.
 Most of the one star reviews given to this movie are for the crappy, unauthorized DVD release from 2001. Amazon dumps all the reviews for a movie together with no regard for seperate releases from different companies. You can only have one review at a time for a given movie. However, YOU CAN DELETE YOUR REVIEW OF THE BAD COPY AND LEAVE A REVIEW OF THE "AUTHENTIC COLLECTOR'S EDITION", as I'm doing now.  Now for the movie; this is both a great western and a great comedy. It has a fantastic cast directed by Andrew V. McLaglen. The remastered and restored Collector's Edition from Batjac Productions is the one to get. This is the best way to view the movie short of seeing it on the big screen!
 Buy the AUTHENTIC version-ASIN
 I've been a McLintock fan since 1963...when it came out to the movies.  My dad took me to see it on my 11th birthday.  I held off buying the VHS version once I discovered the Wayne Foundation had not released an   authorized  copy.  Once it did, I purchased three...just in case  one got damaged!  Yes...I love the movie.  For DVD customers....it IS worth  the wait.  If, as you can see from other reviews, the transfer quality to  DVD is poor, then why waste your money now, when you can (HOPEFULLY!!)  purchase the legitimate product when the Wayne Foundation releases it!  This is a GREAT movie for all ages.  Kids love the shenanigans, teens like  the romance, and us old-timers just like an easy-on-the-eyes and -ears  movie with a happy ending.  This is the only movie review I've ever  written, but the movie was worth it.
 Paramount has done a great job with the four movies in their collection-island in the sky, the high and the mighty, mclintock, and hondo. I wish that the reviewers state if the copy they're reviewing is the paramount copy just released or the other vastly inferior copies. That way Paramount won't get a bad rap for dreck they didn't produce.
 Okay, everybody agrees that the Goodtimes Home Video release ranks right up there with Pacific Family Entertainment. Only good for the shredder. But alas, Batjac Productions along with Paramount Home Video has finally released a digitally remastered McLintock! and many other great JW films. Just too many wonderful comments to mention of this wonderful western.  So long to 'Goodtimes Home Video', whose release was just plain 'Bad Times' along with all the other crumby distributors who released horrible iterations of this classic motion picture. I have archived away the 'official' VHS version and am enjoying the new digitally retored, OAR  special 'packed with extra' edition of McLintock!
 Great movie! Cute story. Maureen O'Hara and John Wayne have a magnetic chemistry which makes this movie work.  Chill Wills is always fabulous in his supporting role.  Comedy, romance, love, stubborn pride, etc. Nice romantic comedy with a western setting.
 This is one of the best John Wayne movies that I have ever seen. Very funny and exciting to watch. This is up there with Hatari! I would recommend this movie to everyone.
 I can not guarantee the media quality as there is too many bad and mediocre versions floating around and Amazon mixes media reviews. I reserve the star system for the movie as this review may be used for different media.  George Washington McLintock (John Wayne) is one of the founding ranchers in the territory. He has many issues to deal with in a John Wayne fashion. These include dealing with new homesteaders, dealing with displaced Indians, and dealing with his estranged family (Maureen O'Hara and Stephanie Powers) returning for the Fourth of July celebration.  The movie its self is top notch FIVE STAR. John Wayne used most of his standard crew (they can be seen in other John Wayne movies) and that formula plot that makes his movies great. The mud fight is one of the best parts. See John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara again in a The Quiet Man (1952)
 I apologize, I found the xtras!!!  Great DVD!  BTW Leonard Maltin - Johnny Horton san NORTH TO ALASKA, and Gene Pitney sand THE MAN WHO SHOT LIBERTY VALENS.  Yes, this is the real one.  CinemaScope, surround sound, etc.  It is GREAT.  BUT, the box lists a bunch of extras that are not there
 Finally a great DVD of this great movie!! The colour and the whole presentation is what is should be.
 To make this simple, Any fan of the Duke will love this movie. It has one great scene after another mixing comedy, light drama, and one fine story line. Buy two copies
 Good quality DVD.  Purchased as a gift for a die-hard John Wayne fan. Thank goodness I read a Review that suggested only purchasing authentic collectors edition DVD
 Got the DVD very fast. Haven't played it yet but I am very pleased with this transaction.
 This one I saw when I was a youngster and was very entertaining especially at the mud slide fight! The dvd is better in clarrity than the vhs tape and is a must for your collection!! Everyone in the family will enjoy this movie!!!!
 Excellent quality Widescreen DVD.  Very good audio.  Very funny story that Ohara played to the T. The indians were shafted again- though at least one "pale face (Wayne) was in thier corner to help deliver them some dignity (Thank You).  I want to know how did those old gun belts stay waist high anyway?
 This is a review for the Special Edition widescreen DVD and not the full screen DVD.  McClintock was the final pairing of John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara.  And they have fun with this film.  In the introduction by Leonard Maltin, he states this is based on Taming of the Shrew but if anything this is a sequel twenty years later.  GW McClintock (Wayne) is the cattle baron whose family founded the town of McClintock.  But his family life is a mess.  His wife, Katherine (O'Hara) has left him for a socialite life.  And his daughter, Becky (Stephanie Powers) is returning from College.  Kate has returned to take Becky away from her father's bad influence but GW will not allow it.  What ensues is a great battle of wills and ways.  This film is deeper than just the main story line.  The subplots includes one of John Ford's favorite subjects, the mistreatment of the Native Americans.  There is not much real plot to this film but a ton of heart.  There were only two actresses that seemed to understand how to act with the Duke, Lauren Bacall and Maureen O'Hara.  O'Hara is on of the great actresses that never received the attention that was she deserved.  This film shows that you can give her something flimsy and she can make it look great.  And like many of Duke's films, this has a great fight scene in which everyone winds up sliding down a mud hill - sometimes twice!!  And the stars did their own stunts.  And the film ends with a great chase scene between O'Hara and Wayne.  This is one good hoot of a film.  The only thing missing from this film is John Ford behind the camera but they have Ford's constant AD Andrew McLaglen (Son of Oscar winner and constant Ford film star Victor McLaglen.)  It was also early films from Stephanie Powers and Patrick Wayne.  DVD EXTRAS
 "McLintock presents screen giant JOHN WAYNE (1907-1979) at this two-fisted best , with the beautiful , Fiery MAUREEN O?HARA (1920- ) as the the proverbial thornn in this his side . The Duke stars as George Washington McLintock , a proud , defiant cattle baron whose daughter Becky ( Stefani  Powers 1942- ) is due home from college , but G.W.s happy reuninon with his daughter is tempered the arrival of his headstrong wife Katherine (O?Hara) , who left him two years earlier . Verbal fireworks explode , slapstick pratfalls bloom..and the wayne-O?Hara "reconciliation culminates with the biggest mudhole brawl this side of the Missisippi ! . Patrick Wayne  (1939- ) son of John Wayne , Yvonne De Carlo (1922- 2007) , Chill Wills (1903-1978) , Jack Kruschen (1922-2002) , Jerry Van Dyke (1931- ) , Bruce Cabot (1904-1972) and Edgar Buchanan (1903-1979) , are among the dazzling suporting cast in this vild , raucous and Hilarious Western Comedy . Transfer in Ultra-Resolution Quality . Recommended
 I watched the original once as a boy and loved every minute of it.  Then for some reason the movie just simply disappeared.  When the tape came out, I snatched it up.  John Wayne shows he can not only be the rough and tough cowboy, but a real comedian also.  The supporting cast, Maureen O' Hara, is a perfect opposite of the Duke and fills the screen with fire and sparks that only O' Hara and Wayne can produce.  The only down side is the DVD edition.  Extremely poor quality and cropped so badly that you miss very important parts of some scenes that are essential to the story line.  I would say use the digitally mastered version to make a DVD and put it in letter box so you don't miss one single exciting moment of this unique treasure.
 It's wide screen, it's dolby digital 5.1, it has commentaries, but most important the picture quality is excellent! John Wayne fans who have been waiting patiently for a dvd that is at least equal to the authorized VHS from MPI (rapidly becoming hard to find) rejoice! This release in Paramount's John Wayne collection is for you. Yeah, Maureen O'Hara's comments may seem self-serving (she seems a little too aware of her status as a screen icon), Stephanie Powers' a bit too fawning, but at least it does have these features DVD collectors have come to expect from so-called collector's editions. McLaglen's (and others, including O'Hara and Powers) running commentary during the movie is very informative and interesting. Sorry, no extended scenes or  extra scenes here but at least it's not grainy nor is the sound quality awful with dubbed voices that are clearly not the stars', as with Good Times Video's deplorable VHS version which I inadvertantly purchased some years ago. I quickly boxed that back up and exchanged it for the MPI VHS (which I still have and is in good shape). So you Duke fans out there who are uncertain which DVD to get, this one, again, from Paramount's John Wayne collection is the one you want. Oh, and Amazon? You would be doing the folks who are wondering if a good dvd version of this movie is out there a great service if you would point out what DVD version your customer reviewers are referring to. The very first review panning a "remastered version of the movie can't be referring to this Paramount edition as the date on the review is 1999. Paramount released this excellently remastered version in 2005. I'm guessing that reviewer must be talking about Delta's so-called remastered version. So here ya go, McLintock fans. Paramount's version is the one you want!
 I was absolutely ecstatic to finally get a copy of McLINTOCK in a collector's edition and in fully restored, widescreen format.  This is a movie that just cannot be appropriately viewed in full screen. Be sure to get this authorized version as previous DVD versions suffered in presentation format and quality.  And McLINTOCK is a John Wayne classic, one that absolutely belongs in any comprehensive Western collection.  Some of Wayne's greatest lines and scenes are here.  But, hey, why limit it to Wayne?  McLINTOCK has arguably some of the best Western moments to be found anywhere in the genre.  The movie is hailed as a comedy but don't get the wrong impression.  No, this isn't BLAZING SADDLES or RUSTLER'S RHAPSODY.  There are lighter moments, yes, like the clay slide fight and Maureen O'Hara's romp down main street in nothing but her bloomers.  But then there is also John Wayne's touching scene with Stephanie Powers, who plays his daughter Becky, when he explains to her his take on life.  There's also the scene where Wayne speaks for a group of captured and imprisoned Comanche chiefs.  His words are as applicable today as they were when the movie was made or, more to the point, in the context of period in which this movie is set.  And a classic Western deserves nothing short of a classic cast. In that regard McLINTOCK comes through in spades.  In addition to Wayne as the irrepressible George Washington McLintock, Maureen O'Hara is perfect as Kathryn McLintock, McLintock's estranged wife.  Stephanie Powers is wonderful as McLintock's daughter Becky while Wayne's real-life son, Patrick, stars as Powers' love interest, Devlin Warren. Add to that group Hank Worden, Chill Wills, and Yvonne DeCarlo and your in for Western entertainment at its finest.  The only drawback with this DVD (and certainly not sufficient to tarnish the film itself or my rating of 5 stars) was a Special Features interview with Maureen O'Hara.  I was totally shocked at the arrogance displayed by Ms. O'Hara in discussing her abilities as an actress.  While she remains Wayne's very finest leading lady, I was stunned at her lack of class in the interviews.  THE HORSEMAN
 Sorry all the other 5 star folks said it all.  My husband and I both enjoy John Wayne movies, and we both like this one!
 This is the version of this film to have.  Many other versions are out there but the quality of those are severely lacking.  The film is outstandingly clear and every bit as wonderful as I remembered.  The vast array of special features are fascinating.  This is the one John Wayne film everyone should have.
 Don't get thrown by the first two reviews that Amazon has posted on this page.  This DVD is the authorized release and the quality is fantastic.
 I have seen this movie many times, but it's always fresh.  My husband and I laughed out loud and had a great time watching it again.  I really enjoyed the special features the DVD offers on John Wayne's son and on his legacy.  AWESOME FIVE STARS AGAIN!
 Mclintock is plain John Wayne fun from beginning to end. It's been years since I've seen the old John Wayne films, and this is one of the classics, he and Maureen O'Hara make a great team and this film gives them both the opportunity to do what they do best, act. I thoroughly enjoyed the film, which was a pleasant surprise since so many older films I enjoyed years ago are just not as fun when I see them now. This one was every bit as fun today as it was years ago.
 To all those customers out there that actually do read the reviews, there are two things that must be pointed out.  First there are actually two different versions of this movie available on DVD and second, the reviews listed for the other inferior versions also get listed with this better special edition.  This version of the film is almost as good as seeing it up on the big screen.  The sound is fantastic, the picture quality is superb, and there are even extas on this DVD.  The other version of the film is a substandard copy made from someone's TV copy.  The picture is in constant zoom, there are scene's missing, and the audio is terrible.  Please do not confuse the two. Stick with the DVD that says The John Wayne Collection at the top of the case.
 I am glad I came here to read the reviews. I thought my DVD of  McLintock  was bad or my eyes were worse than I thought. Terribe quality. This moive really needs to be in a wide-screen format and cleaned up. Other than that this is one of John Waynes best movies.
 When I saw this film as a 9year old boy with my Grandfather,it was the first time we laught together.My Grandpa,Mike Salancy, was a quiet Man,but I'll always remember that special night.When Maureen O'Hara and John Wayne  go down that mud slide,after she was sticking a hat pin up everyone's  behind,its a gut buster. Mclintock  would be on my top ten list  of favorite films.To see John Wayne in a comedy is priceless,and he is  fantastic,along with the most beutifull actress ever,Maureen O'Hara,who  still looks great.If anyone has never seen this classic,go out and rent it  tonight.
 I saw this movie on TV in the mid-sixties, when it was a two-night movie spectacular.  I loved it then, and I still get a kick out of it today.  Sure, it's a farce, it's sexist, and it's not politically correct, but it's also a lot of fun.  Wayne pretty much plays himself in this comedy, co-starring the fiesty and lovely Maureen O'Hara.  This was the fourth pairing of the two stars, (previously they appeared together in Rio Grande, The Quiet Man, The Wings of Eagles), and their on-screen chemistry is real and intense.  The two carry this movie on their collective shoulders without slouching.  Their on-going relationship battle is the framework from which this movie moves forward, and is akin to the chess game that Wayne plays early on in the film
 Wayne & O'Hara should be synonymous with Tracy & Hepburn. John & Maureen had that great a chemistry between them. It's a shame they couldn't have done more films together. Though this may seem a silly film, it is fun and funny, it also explores marital relations, child parent relations, and mistreatment of Native Americans. It is one of my ALL time favorite John Wayne films.
 "McLintock! is a superb film that features John Wayne at his comedic best, and is aided by stellar production values and an excellent supporting cast!  And now, the long-awaited release of the "official DVD is finally available, and the wait has been worth it! While the features may be minimal compared to other Collector's Edition discs, the film itself is worthwhile, presented in widescreen format with stunning picture and sound!  If you're a fan of John Wayne, then this DVD edition of "McLintock! is definitely worth it!  Movie/DVD Grade
 This is an excellent John Wayne movie which I watch whenever I need to lift my spirit.  Lots of light humor and great acting on the part of the main characters. Most importantly the video transfer is excellent.  Highly recommend this DVD as it is the only one authorized by the Wayne Foundation and is a BATJAC production. Not your typical John Wayne western.
 How can anyone not like a John Wayne movie.  This is just great, it is in wide screen and that is how it needs to be viewed.  This movie is meant to be seen in widescreen and you will miss alot if you don't view it this way.  it just seems that the Duke and Maureeen Ohara are made to be an on screen couple.  They are great.  Its hard to believe that the moview is almost 60 years old and it is still totally intertaining.  I would recommend this moview to anyone, it is just the best.
 If you love the movie McLintock or have never seen it....WATCH IT!! great movie...really good comedy from The Duke who you can tell had a lot of fun with this role.But be very aware...there is a very poor version of this movie....do not i repeat do not buy the Goodtimes home video version of this movie....very very poor quality!!! buy the McLintock! (Authentic Collector's Edition)this is the Paramount version with high quality.
 LISTEN UP, PEOPLE (or, as Drago would say, after firing his gun, PEOPLE, PEOPLE, PEOPLE!!) -- Anyone buying McLINTOCK should realize that the Paramount DVD depicted above, which is authorized by the John Wayne Estate, is the ONLY DVD edition that will look good and be complete. It's sad to read one-star reviews from purchasers of this item in 2010 who don't understand that any other DVD version is a bootleg and will not look or sound remotely like a proper professional release of the movie. And the Paramount edition does, indeed, look and sound sensational, and doubly so as it's the first time the movie has been shown letterboxed on home video, in the correct aspect ratio and the full image visible.
 I would like to say that despite the fact that there are inferior DVD transfers of McLintock! out there from other video companies, the John Wayne Foundation's endorsement of this particular version (with its high-quality color, sound, and picture integrity) make it the only version worth considering for purchase.  You will want to watch it again and again!
 The negative reviewers' attitudes exemplify everything that is wrong with America. The "Duke was not abusing Kate, he was merely playfully providing her with a reality check and an attitude adjustment. Mr. McLintock was not spanking violently. Right now, we need politically incorrect humor that humiliates and offends pompous, condescending people like the bureaucrats and elites that are portrayed in this film.  Political Correctness has destroyed this great nation and it's people like you who need to lighten up, get a grip, and regain common sense. I understand (and for the most part agree about) where some of you are coming from, but John Wayne - one of the greatest Americans that ever lived - is someone every American should look up to.  The first ten minutes are very relevant to the present-day situation our government is causing and I hope you do not overlook this fact.  I'm only 26, but this film has become one of my favorites of all time.
 One of my favorite John Wayne movies, this is a western version of Taming of the Shrew.  The Duke and Maureen O'Hara show off their famous chemistry, starring as George Washington McLintock and his estranged wife Katherine.  These two fine actors are backed by a strong supporting cast, including Stefanie Powers as daughter Rebbecca, Patrick Wayne as Dev Warren, Yvonne DeCarlo as Louise Warren, Chill Wills as Drago, Strother Martin as Agard, and Jerry Van Dyke as Matt Douglas, Jr, among others.  The story is simple.  The Duke is the biggest thing in the town that bears his name.  He's a generous kind of a guy, a drinking and good times kind of fellow.  His wife has separated from him, seeking more social standing then the little town can offer.  She returns to town to welcome her daughter back from college and to try and secure a divorce from GW, leading to some humorous results.  Throw in settlers, some restless Indians, Patrick Wayne and Jerry Van Dyke vying for the attention of GW's daughter, and plenty of booze and you have a madcap romp through the old west.  I won't spoil the plot for anyone, but there's a fantastic fight in a mudpit and a great scene involving whiskey and a staircase that should not be missed!  The movie is laugh out loud funny and John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara truly have a fantastic rapport.  It's fun to watch these two feed off of each other.  The movie's not too deep and there is some dated racial humor, mostly involving the Chinese cook and some of the Indians, who are also treated conversely as friends and respected former enemies by McLintock.  Those few gaffes aside, the movie is great family fare, not to be missed.  Make sure the version you purchase is the Authentic Collector's Edition.  The movie has never looked or sounded better, the transfer superb.  Based on this edition, I plan to purchase other John Wayne films in this series as well.  The extras are kind of fluffy, but the superior rendering of the film far outweighs any bonus features.
 People, this is the authentic release of this film from the studio. It is not the Goodtimes Video release that is panned in many of the low rated reviews here. I have tried repeatedly to make Amazon understand that the low rated reviews are associated with Goodtimes Video's inferior copy. You will not be sorry you purchased this version.
 I've always loved this movie, but I've always been disappointed at the difference in quality of it on DVD, which thankfully has been changed with the "authentic collector's edition".  We have the same fantastic and fun storyline and memorable characters, but AT LAST we have the wonderful quality in picture and sound that all the previous DVD editions lacked.  The movie has been lovingly remastered and is in widescreen format, which is a godsend from the previous full screen cuts which only show half the scene.  Now we finally get the full picture and the movie is better for it.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME BUYING ANY OTHER DVD VERSION OF "MCLINTOCK! This is the only one you need to get.  Trust me.
 I remember as a kid, this was the one movie that my father and I would agree to watch together. He is a John Wayne super-fan and loves all his movies; I love to laugh. McLintock suited us both. It is funny throughout, portraying the state of matrimony with all its irritations and flaws! And of course, to appease the western-movie fans, there are plenty of scenes involving drunken brawls, cattle driving, cowboys and Indians, and of course, John Wayne!  Enjoy.
 Thanks to the reviews of previous versions, I waited for this offical release of McLintock and it was worth it. The disc has a crisp clear picture and very good audio. A great Duke film and now presented in the way it was meant to be.
 Verry funny,a new gendre for the big guy and verry difficult to find.  A MUST SEE...
 bought this for my 3 year old grandson who had seen an ad for it on another dvd.  he loves it and so does his 1 year old sister.  finally a dvd they both like. wish they were sold in stores.  although it took a while to get here it (my grandson was anxious to get it) it came in very good condition.
 This is a cute PBS series that I discovered by accident once while we were travelling and my son was bored.  He immediately loved the video and I ordered more through Amazon. I have seen the toys for sale at various places as well, and he played with them for hours. They are educational, cute, and fun.
 the main event was so great. Austin vs.bret hart vs. vader vs. undertaker. blood blood blood ran down vaders masked face that night. Owen and Bulldog put on a hell of a show. Leif Cassidy(aka al snow) was actually quite impressive. one of the best in ypur houses to date.
 Charles Bronson was the only one who could do vigilante movies the best. This is still by far the best one around and set the standard. Another one of my favorites he did years ago was called "The Evil That Men Do". I highly recommend that one too. Bronson did 4 more sequels after the original Death Wish. Bronson died some years ago I read. R.I.P. Charlie. You were a legend in your own time.
 As late as the 1990s, a midnight walk through Central Park or Prospect Park or Riverside Drive or just about any secluded area in New York City was tantamount to asking to be victimized. So to those skeptics who can't believe New York was that bad in the 1970s, I say "Believe it!  Anyway...  Years before Peter Finch, as Howard Beale in NETWORK, chanted, "I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore!", Charles Bronson's Paul Kersey was well beyond that point. DEATH WISH, among other things is a gritty, unflinching look at the violence urban dwellers all over America faced in the 1970s. Paul Kersey, an Upper West Sider, discovers that his wife has been murdered, and his daughter raped and beaten by intruders. In an interesting twist on movie convention, Kersey doesn't seek revenge by going after the men who destroyed his family
 This is the first of several films featuring Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey, a modern day urban equivalent of Robin Hood, Zorro, and the Lone Ranger. When initially released, Death Wish was immediately controversial as was Dirty Harry (1971). Audiences tended to be divided between those who were offended by what they considered to be excessive violence and those who (like Harry Callahan and Paul Kersey) had lost confidence in society's willingness and/or ability to respond effectively to violent crime. After seeing each of the two films for the first time, I vividly recall joining those around me in the theatre as they rose and cheered...and continued to applaud for several minutes. (By the way, that was the same audience reaction when I first saw Walking Tall.) I asked myself, "What's going on here? What's this all about?  At least in the larger U.S. cities 30 years ago, residents had become totally fed up with traditional law enforcement initiatives. It was no longer safe to walk the streets at night. Even more dangerous to do so in public parks. Homes were robbed while people worked during the day. Many of the same homes were robbed again later after insurance coverage replaced the articles previously stolen. Racial animosities, drug abuse, and a widespread contempt for institutional authority all contributed to such problems.  When we first meet Kersey, he is in all respects a gentle man. A successful architect who is happily married (Joanna, Hope Lange) and a proud father of his beloved daughter, he is carefully positioned as a law-abiding citizen. To repeat, a gentle man. Over time, after his wife and daughter are brutally attacked by thugs who escape punishment, Kersey commits himself to ridding the city of such creatures. In fact, he seeks them out in the most likely areas (e.g. public parks and on subways), coldly and systematically killing as many as he can. Of course, other law abiding citizens are wholly supportive of his efforts but law enforcement officials correctly fear the possible implications of such vigilantism.  Director Michael Winner does a brilliant job of orchestrating Kersey's crusade with efforts by detective Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) to identify and then capture the public hero. Ochoa seems torn between admiration of such heroism and obligations to end it. Many of those who live in areas plagued by violent crime admire this movie. Others quite properly have concerns about anyone who "goes outside the law, as Kersey obviously does. Who among vigilantes will be Paul Kerseys? And who among them will be Travis Bickles? Good question.
 Paul Kersy (Charles Bronson) --resident of Manhattan's upper west side in the early 1970's-- comes home one day to find his wife murdered and his daughter so brutally raped that she becomes institutionalized. Later Paul decides to make himself a regular target for street criminals, only he fights back with deadly force. Paul doesn't actually provoke the criminals who attack him, he merely presents a apparently passive target of opportunity. After a while Paul's activities have a deterrent effect on street crime to the embarrassment the DA, the police, and the city politicians. So the police launch an investigation to find who is killing criminals and put a stop to it. Eventually with good detective work, the police find Paul, but there they a political problem. They know Paul will be a hero, so they can't arrest him, they just have to make him stop, and this they do by cutting a deal for him to leave town. Bronson's performance is somewhat wooden, but effective. Unquestionably this film exploits its audience, you can't help but cheer for Paul, loathe his attackers, and resent the authorities. The movie was and is controversial. The liberals hate it, the conservatives love it. The move has been attacked as exaggerating the danger of urban crime. It doesn't. I lived in the very area and at the very time of the movie. Virtually everyone I knew (including myself) had some kind of incident with a street criminal. The movie is not realistic with regard to what would have happened to Paul Kersy once found out. He would have been arrested and charged with illegal possession of a firearm, and other felonies. He would have been attacked on the editorial page of the New York Times, by Mayor Lindsey, the police commissioner and slew of newspaper columnists and TV commentators. The families of the slain criminals would have sued him, most likely with William Kunstler as the lawyer. There  would have been a relentless and effective campaign of personal destruction directed at Paul culminating in a trial. So in this sense the movie fails as social commentary, because it doesn't confront the real issues of crime and punishment and urban politics. But it succeeds splendidly as an emotional cathartic. For this I give it five stars.
 Charles Bronson convincingly plays Paul Kersey, a New York architect who's family is attacked by three horrible thugs. The violence in the early part of the film is brutal, but sets the stage for his motive in becoming a vigilante, and puts the audience in the mindset to empathize with his actions. The pacing is fast, and though it has that '70's look, this one doesn't get stale. Vincent Gardenia is excellent as the police chief, and look for Jeff Goldblum's screen debut as one of the three thugs. Herbie Hancock's score is an interesting blend of avant-garde classical and jazz. Director Michael Winner made two other films with Bronson that are favorites... The Mechanic  and  Chato's Land . Taut and inventive, I watch each of them every few years with renewed fascination.
 Although, I was only exactly four years old on July 24, 1974, the date in which this movie was released but from all the accounts I have read from that time,and even from some of the reviews written here already, New York City`s crime rate was rather high. This movie tapped into what people`s feeelings were as far as the crime issue goes during that time.  Unless you lived in that era, it is hard to see how a film like this could be so controversial at the time. But the very thought of an ordinary citizen taking the law into his own hands was unheard of.  After many years of insipid sequels and countless imitators, Death Wish still shines like a gem.  This is one of Bronson`s best performances. He is the peaceable middle aged, longish haired,liberal architect Paul kersey until his world is shattered.  Scenes that are noteworthy of Bronson`s acting are;  a)When kersey is waiting at the hospital withis son in law, Jack about news relating to his wife and daughter.  b) When he receives news that his wife has died, he starts to break down.  c) Before plugging his first victm, kersey is overcome with fear. Does he shoot or hand over the money. The former option wins out and after shooting his would be mugger, Kersey is just watching his victim writhe in pain . He is in a state of hesitancy and shock before he hightails it back to his apartment.  d)Whe he arrives at his apartment, Kersey feels nauseous and weak from what he has just done. The liberal architect turned vigilante races for the toilet and vomits.  The fim explores kersey`s transformation into a vigilante who becomes more cocksure of himself . He rides on a subway train carrying a bag full  of groceries and in a diner, he counts out large amount of bills openly in order to lure muggers into his trap.  And another favorite scene of mine is when kersey and some of his associates are sitting at a resturaunt, there is a televised press conference in which the NYPD commissioner is urging the vigilante to desist from his one man crusade and turn himself into the police.  The patrons are all attentive to the Tv set, unaware the vigilante is amongst them. Our hero simply smirks at the commissioners suggestion to turn himself in while he`s downing his dinner, almost as in a taunt; `No, let`s see if you can try and get me.'  Eventually, the police do get their man after Kersey is injured by muggers during his vigilante quest. Inspector Ochoa orders Kersey at his hospital bed to leave NYC, but it doesnt mean that Kersey won`t stop his his crusade. Once he arrives at the main Chicago train sation, he sees a bunch of skells harassing a young woman. Kersey goes over to help her gather her luggage which was strewn all over the place by the skells. The skells see this and start mocking him. Our vigilante smiles and points an imaginary gun in their direction.  This is a great movie and a provactive one at that. Many critics were split in their opinions with no middle ground. They either loved it or hated it. And the public flocked to this movie in droves. It was one of the top ten movies in `74.  Unfortunatley, the lameness of the sequels and countless imitators have diluted the impact of this classic somewhat. But it still remains a gripping, intriguing movie.  This is one of Charles Bronson`s best performances and he is very convincing and believable as the conscientious objector turned vigilante. His later performances in the subsequent sequels were as emotional amd involved as a wet dish rag. Steven Keats is excellent as the beleagured son in law, Jack, and Vincent Gardenia shines as the police inspector Frank Ochoa who is determined to apprehend the vigilante.
 What is the price of freedom? Did someone say --- eternal vigilance? Having lived in a Great Toilet for many years, and been robbed and burgled more times than I can remember, I'd like to be free to walk the streets without looking over my shoulder. And now I do. Imagine leaving the door unlocked. Michael Winner is an excellent, no-nonsense, unpretentious director. There's nothing fancy, preening or self-regarding about his movies. I'd been told he wasn't much good, so I never went to see any of his productions. But now that I'm viewing them on dvd, I find the best ones much, much better than I'd expected. They're not looking for Oscars, and perhaps that's why they stay with you. Winner tells a linear story, and he tells it well. This film is a lot better than Dirty Harry. Many of these tales by Winner seem simple and straightforward, but there's much more to them, eg Lawman, Chato's Land. Forget The Wicked Lady --- it was terrible.  The slow build-up here was not what I was expecting, but I thought it well done, and admired it.  Charles Bronson was not so much an actor, as a unique physical presence, carved in hardwood. He was great. The street scum were somewhat corny. So what? The film wasn't about them, and they were nothing to weep over. The poor dears. What I really liked was that touch of British humour that Winner brought along with him. It added an extra dimension of wit and humanity to the usual over-earnest Hollywood fare. Excuse me now, I'm just going to check my hat-pin rack; and exchange a twenty quid note for some handy rolls of coin. I'll be gone by sundown.
 A discussion of Charles Bronson that fails to mention the "Death Wish series isn't really a discussion at all. The first entry in this seminal series arrived on the scene in 1974 during a period in American history when all types of crimes skyrocketed. We can thank the moral laxity inflicted on the rest of us by the Counterculture for the increased numbers of murders, arsons, burglaries, robberies, rapes, and countless other forms of physical and mental assaults that soon became common occurrences on every street in the country. A large percentage of the population, referred to by Nixon as "The Silent Majority, ached to find a way to fight back against the vermin committing these atrocities. Since our embrace of vigilante justice faded away due to the abuses of lynching in the South, and our legal system began letting the scum back out on the streets, only Hollywood seemed to offer refuge to the growing number of victims. Enter the revenge and vigilante genre, the most notable entries of which consisted of the Clint Eastwood "Dirty Harry pictures. In these films, a cop or outraged citizen would hunt down criminals outside the law, meting out a savage brand of justice we could all cheer about.  "Death Wish soon became a popular alternative to Eastwood's blow 'em away motion pictures. Set in the cesspool that is New York City in the 1970s, we first meet architect Paul Kersey (Bronson) as he exhibits the comfortable liberalism of a man never victimized by criminals. He believes in the efficacy of the legal system, thinks even criminals deserve a fair chance, and supports gun control. Then the unthinkable happens, a crime so monstrous in its random brutality that Kersey's world changes forever. While he is away drawing up plans for his latest project, a gang of punks follows his wife Joanna (Hope Lange) from the market back to the apartment. Once inside, these animals kill Kersey's wife and savagely violate his only daughter Carol (Kathleen Tolan) in a way best left unelaborated upon here. It's truly a terrible series of scenes, but no more terrible than the total ambivalence and ineffectiveness exhibited by the hospital personnel, the police, and Carol's husband in the aftermath of the attack. Only Kersey feels like he should do something, but his personal beliefs (he was a conscientious objector during the Korean War) leave him struggling over what course of action he should take.  Fortunately, a working trip to Tucson settles the issue for our hero. It is here that he meets Ames Jainchill (Stuart Margolin), a real estate developer and self-defense advocate who indirectly helps Kersey decide what to do upon his return to the Big Apple. He also gives the architect a package containing a handgun and ammunition after learning that Kersey, despite his peaceful beliefs, learned about firearms as a child. Our man returns to the city and sets about settling some scores. Sadly, he will never find the men responsible for the despicable atrocities committed against his family, but there is no shortage of criminals in New York to take revenge on in the meantime. Kersey often heads out to the streets posing as a likely victim, virtually ensuring that some mugger or other miscreant will take notice and move in for the kill. Sure enough, they do. And when they do, Kersey pulls out the pistol and guns them down. The sudden surge in deceased criminals brings in the cops, headed up by the always sniffling and blustering Inspector Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia). New York City authorities quickly discover that a vigilante stalks the streets, and they want to catch the guy fast before he influences other outraged citizens to do the same. Too late. Construction workers start beating muggers to a pulp, and little old ladies fight back, too. Will the cops find Kersey? What will they do to him? Watch and see.  "Death Wish works as well as it does because the script takes vigilantism very seriously. You won't see Bronson running through the streets mowing down hundreds of bad guys without breaking a sweat--that will come later, in the increasingly ridiculous yet massively entertaining sequels. Here, Paul Kersey agonizes over his decision. After one of his assaults on a criminal, he arrives home so shaken that he becomes physically ill over his actions. Too, our vigilante isn't impervious to damage like so many action heroes, which we learn when a thug manages to stick a knife into him during an attack. The best element of the film is Bronson; he falls prey to the law of diminishing returns in the later sequels and other Cannon schlock with ham handed performances so wooden as to defy description, but not here. "Death Wish gives the actor better material, material that allows him greater range to practice his talents. I also enjoyed seeing Stuart Margolin--an actor I learned to appreciate during his stint as the hilarious ex-con Angel Martin in "The Rockford Files"--in the role of the perceptive Ames Jainchill. Be sure and look for Jeff Goldblum as "Freak #1. Freak #1! I love it!  It is quite unfortunate the only extra on the disc is a trailer. I think I ought to warn viewers interested in the "Death Wish films right from the start that MGM did a lousy job transferring these gems to disc. The first film doesn't look too bad, but subsequent entries sadly receive a full screen format. Worse, they actually put edited versions of a couple of the films on the discs. Edited! Can you believe it? Who does that nowadays? Oh, I forgot--MGM, Paramount, and several other big studios who simply don't understand how DVD should work. Still, I highly recommend the first film considering its classic stature.
 this isn't the light hearted sequels that were put out after this one went threw the roof,this is very serious and was ground breaking in it's day!    bleeding heart bronson has a change of heart after his wife is killed and daughter is raped and left in a coma bronson is sent to texas to help a project his firm (he's an architect) and finds one of his clients is a gun lover. on the return trip the client gives him a gift(another sign of age as he puts it in his bag and bronson is able to get on the plane with it) and suddenly he has a gun and now a cause,to get rid of the scum who have taken over his city. and get rid of them he does,setting out on night patrols to find and kill these slime. while he goes about his job the police try to stop him.  this is a very serious movie and not an action movie like the others in the series. the violence is excessive for the early 70's but that was the point and the whole vigilante theme wounld soon be made real in the country. this is one of bronson's best and he really pulls this acting job with great style. a must see and one of the best of the 70's
 This is one of the best of it's era. Very well done. Holds up well to multiple viewings and it's far better than you might expect if you haven't seen it. Director Michael Winner really delivers and Bronson is in top form. It has a highly effective musical score too.
 This is it!  This is the original classic, Death Wish-Starring the most unlucky and harassed hero in cinematic history, Charles Bronson!  You all know the story
 Charles Bronson plays the role of the original vigilante, Mr. Paul Kearsey.  There are many films of the 70's that tried in vain to have depth, but the social commentary that Death Wish delivers in urban violence is very thought provoking.  The movie delivers in thrills and drama while Mr. Kearsey attempts to settle a score against the scum of the streets.  Viewing this film only makes me realize how mush I miss Charles Bronson and how wonderful of an actor he was.
 Standard Chuck Bronson shoot 'em up.  Better then the sequels.  Wouldn't bother with them, but this one is timeless.
 What can I say about this excellent film? It's a classic. This is the best Death Wish, although I also enjoyed it each time Bronson returned as Paul Kersey, and should be viewed by all. There's just something about Bronson in this role that makes for compelling viewing. Excellent direction and soundtrack. Even after all these years, Death Wish still remains a powerful film.
 If you're a fan of urban adventure..., the worst of the bad guys doing  horrible things to innocent people..., cops unable to stop them..., and a vigilante stepping in to save us all, BUY THIS MOVIE!  Don't look for an Oscar winning performance, just a lot of action, and a lot of fun.  You'll find yourself pulling it out on a winter afternoon, and enjoying it over and over.
 Charles Bronson(R.i.p.) Is the man,in his first deathwish movie, this one, Although it is violent (at least at the time) this movie is a masterpiece just as Eastwood In Dirty Harry and Chuck Norris Flicks, the movie is not for the faint of heart or hippies.There is disturbing parts that I rather had not seen.Overrall Tragic movie.
 Deathj wish  DVD  When we first meet Paul Kersey, he is in all respects a gentle man. A successful architect who is happily married (Joanna, Hope Lange) and a proud father of his beloved daughter, he is carefully positioned as a law-abiding citizen. To repeat, a gentle man. Over time, after his wife and daughter are brutally attacked by thugs who escape punishment, Kersey commits himself to ridding the city of such creatures. In fact, he seeks them out in the most likely areas (e.g. public parks and on subways), coldly and systematically killing as many as he can. Of course, other law abiding citizens are wholly supportive of his efforts but law enforcement officials correctly fear the possible implications of such vigilantism.  Paul goes to Tucson to help a developer with a new development.  The Developer is so appreciative he gives Paul a little going-away present, what looks like a .32 caliber revolver.  Who gives someone a .32 a sissy hand gun?  Wouldn't a .45 Long Colt have been better? Director Michael Winner does a brilliant job of orchestrating Kersey's crusade with efforts by detective Frank Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) to identify and then capture the public hero. Ochoa seems torn between admiration of such heroism and obligations to end it. Many of those who live in areas plagued by violent crime admire this movie. Others quite properly have concerns about anyone who "goes outside the law, as Kersey obviously does. Who among vigilantes will be Paul Kerseys?  Most in the audience in the theatres stand and clapped when Paul shoots the first mugger,  Then Paul goes a trolling for muggers.  Quite a popular film in it's day.  Highly recommended for fans of  Charles Bronson, the Death Wish series,  justice for the little man.  It was around this same time that Tom Clancy wrote Without Remorse, a similar themed book.  Gunner  January  2008
 The rape scene at the beginning is very graphic but is essential to the story about Charles Bronson's character becoming a vigilante. We have to know why he is so frustrated into taking matters in his own hands. It is interesting to see how the police chief breaks the case and how he handles it in the end.
 This movie is one of our favorites. I was skeptical at first but after seeing it, I became a fan of the series. I think most people fantasize about taking the law into our own hands from time to time. Its easy to side with Bronson's character.  Give this movie a chance. Its worth watching.
 This a great movie and it completes the whole series of the deathwish series Charles did.
 Charles Bronson is my favorite actor of all time and the death wish series is no exception.its facinating to see how he fights the bad guys and takes matter into his own hands!all bronson movies are action pack with suspense and the death wish series are the best!charles bronson is no longer with us but he left an extraordinary legacy of movies for all to enjoy!hopefully in death he can reunite with Jill Ireland his beloved wife!!
 "Death Wish depicts its hero as a modern pioneer in an urban setting, who decides to take the law into his hands to protect his life and uphold the honor of his family. Bronson's character, a law-abiding man of liberal leanings, changes his outlook during a trip to Arizona, a "new State", where the values of the pioneer have been vividly preserved. In Arizona he comes to understand that the average American citizen has "unlearned to use a gun in self-defense. He comes back to New York determined to purge the city of lowlife mugs, whose unchecked brigandage has largely turned it into a new no man's land. As should be expected, the police is all too wary of such a display of independence and tries to curb the mysterious killer. Bronson's enemies turn out to be nearly all non-whites, which once again reminds one of the pioneers' days.  It's easy to understand why the movie was, and still remains, so controversial. It invites to the uneasy reflexion that the majority of us city dwellers may have become too "civilized", and thus an easy prey to savages allowed to live among us.
 I KNOW WHAT I'D DO. AND IT'D BE THE SAME THING THAT MADE THIS FILM CONTROVERSIAL. IN THIS CLASSIC TALE, A NEW YORKER [CHARLES BRONSON AT HIS UNDENIABLE BEST] FINDS OUT HIS WIFE IS KILLED AND RAPED AND HIS DAUGHTER IS RAPED BY MUGGERS. OUT OF OUTRAGE, HE DECIDES TO GO ON A ONE MAN VIGILANTE RAMPAGE. THIS VIOLENT ACTIONER IS ONE OF THE GREATEST ACTION FILMS OF ALL TIME. IT HAS EVERYTHING
 Hi..  Well, i must say that Death wish is one great classic movie with the one and only Bronson.  I watched it a few days back, and thought it was amazing with a good plot and good action sequences.  The DVD transfer is great, and although its a 70s movie, it is entertaining today im sure as it was back then.  So Bronson is not an Oscar type actor, but he delivers the goods here.  In summary, this movie is totally worthy of being owned in any DVD library, don't miss it and don't miss Bronson at his best.
 THIS MOVIE IS SO SUPERIOR TO ALL OF THE 'REVENGE' FLICKS IT SPAWNED THAT MOST OF THEM DONT DESERVE MENTION IN THE SAME BREATH. DESPITE WHAT A LOT OF CRITICS SPEW, GIVEN THE RIGHT RESOURSES BRONSON IS A HECK OF AN ACTOR, AND THIS FILM IS EVIDENCE OF THAT. LIBERAL (HASNT BEEN MUGGED YET) PAUL KERSEY'S WIFE AND DAUGHTER ARE BRUTALLY RAPED AND LEFT FOR DEAD IN THEIR UP TOWN NEW YORK CONDO. THE WIFE DIES AND THE DAUGHTER IS LEFT, A CATATONIC VEGETABLE. KERSEY GRIEVES BY PLUNGING HIMSELF INTO HIS WORK WHICH SENDS HIM TO ARIZONA TO TROUBLESHOOT A SUBDIVISION. HE IS BEFRIENDED BY A WESTERNER BUSSINES TYPE, GREATLY PLAYED BY STUART MARGOLIAN OF 'ROCKFORD FILES' FAME. THEY WIND UP GOING TO A GUN CLUB WHERE KERSEY IS REINTRODUCED TO THE PLEASURES OF PISTOLS AND SOUND CONSERVATIVE PHILOSOPHY. KERSEY RETURNS TO THE GUTTERS OF NEW YORK WITH A PISTOL AND A PLAN. MY ONLY PROBLEM WITH THE WHOLE FILM IS WHY THEY DIDNT REWRITE A LITTLE BIT AND GIVE KERSEY A MORE FORMIDABLE CALIBER OF REVOLVER, A .357 OR AT LEAST A .38. AT ANY RATE KERSEY SETS OUT TO TEMPT MUGGERS INTO TARGETING HIM AND THEN HE COOLY DOES WHAT THE 'LIBERAL' JUSTICE SYSTEM WONT. HE BALANCES THE SCALES BY BLOWING AWAY VARIOUS STREET SCUM WITH RUTHLESS EFFECIENCY. WE CHEER AS KERSEY TAKES OUT THE TRASH. THE THING THAT MAKES THIS FILM SO REALISTIC IS THE SAME ELEMENT THAT MAKES ALL THE SEQUELS SUCK. IN 'DEATH WISH' KERSEY NEVER ACTUALLY CONFRONTS THE ACTUAL TURDS THAT DESTROYED HIS FAMILY. THIS ISNT HOLLYWOOD BUT IT IS REALITY AND THAT IS THE SINGLE MOST CREDIBLE THING ABOUT THIS PICTURE. IN HIS LAST DECISIVE GUN BATTLE, KERESY, WHO IS WOUNDED HIMSELF AND IS ABOUT TO PASS OUT FROM BLOOD LOSS CHALLENGES A THUG TO FACE HIM IN TRUE 'DUKE' STYLE. "FILL YOUR HAND. HE SAYS MIMIKING A SCENE FROM JOHN WAYNES CLASSIC 'TRUE GRIT.' OF COURSE THE PUNK HAS NO CONCEPT OF ANYTHING BEYOND 'GETTING HIS FIX.' AND ABSCONDS WITHOUT DAMAGE AS KERSEY COLLAPSES. FORGET THE SEQUELS AND AVOID THE LOOK A LIKES. 'DEATH WISH' IS THE ORIGINAL AND THE ONLY ONE THAT WORKS.
 Although Charles Bronson has appeared in a fistful of genuine classic movies (The Great Escape, The Magnificent Seven, Once Upon A Time in the West, and The Dirty Dozen) it is this urban crime/revenge thriller that is most often associated with him.  Paul Kersey is a New York based 'bleeding heart liberal' architect that has his life destroyed when a trio of thugs (one played by future star Jeff Goldblum) assault his wife and daughter.  His wife dies and his daughter slowly sinks into a catatonic state.  Kersey's rage grows and, after acquiring a pistol during a business trip to Arizona, he begins killing muggers while wading through the crime choked streets of New York.  Director Michael Winner handles the material in as blunt a fashion as possible, presenting Kersey as a heroic Everyman doing what anyone would want to do under similar circumstances.  Yet it is all salvaged by a wonderfully nuanced performance by Charles Bronson.  At the time of its release, critics complained that the blue collar looking actor was terribly miscast as an upper class white collar victim turned victimizer.  Yet the actor handles it well, by the film's end he has become the character and was thus permanantly type cast in the public's mind as the vigilante that cleaned up New York (although he would not play the actual role again until a series of lurid sequels made almost ten years later).  While Death Wish is an essential for Charles Bronson fans (I cannot think of one who wouldn't want to have a copy), the actual subject matter was better handled in the Clint Eastwood thriller Dirty Harry (1971) and its 1973 vigilante themed sequel, Magnum Force.
 I will never forget this movie.Charles Bronson plays the main starring role in this landmark movie.After going to the grocery store his wife and daughter are assualted and killed by a group of punks.The police prove to be totally ineffective in their efforts to catch the criminals.After a visit out west Bronson tekes the law into his own hands.One street punk after the other is gunned down by an irate Bronson.The streets once become safe. The police finally figure out who the vigilante is.He is finally subdued after killing a staggering number of street thugs. After shipping him out of town the movie ends. This is just the beginning of a sucessful movie string.This is one of the all time movie classics.Like I have already said. I will never forget this movie. God Bless you Charles Bronson.
 Death Wish is certainly one of Bronson's best. It had to be. They wouldn't have made four sequels if it wasn't and it didn't have potential to continue the story. Paul Kersey, played by Bronson, is an architect with a wife and daughter. After he and his wife get back from a vacation, his wife is murdered and his daughter sexually assaulted. The street punks,( one of them played by Jeff Goldblum )that committed the crimes are never caught.Bronson is of course devastated and is concerned for his daughter who has not recovered from the ordeal and now does not speak, at least most of the time. Kersey meets a man whilst doing business and he gives him a gun.Kersey turns into a vigilante and goes around New York shooting street punks. What a loss.Not. Unfortunately the police through a process of elimination are onto him and at the end tell him to leave town. But as we know,Bronson doesn't stop there.Can't say I blame him.
 I had heard a lot about "Death Wish before seeing the movie on video.  A friend gave me the second, third and fourth sequel, and I have the Jody Foster remake titled "The Brave One.  So I ordered a copy of the original "Death Wish. Why was this movie such a box office success?  My guess is that this urban "western answered the question
 I loved this movie, good old street justice. Bronson is great!!! I saw a rerun on AMC and I had to find a rental for it. Amazon is a great place to find old movies.
 Death Wish stars Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey and is based on the novel by Brian Garfield. Paul Kersey is a mild-mannered man who lives with his wife and daughter in New York City. One day while he is at work his wife and daughter are assaulted by hoodlums who follow them home from the grocery store. His wife dies and his daughter is so traumatized that she is put into a mental institution. The police tell him that they will do everything they can but there is only a small chance that they can catch the men. Paul takes his loss as best he can.  After the tragedy he goes out west for a job. He clears his head, makes a friend, and is given a gun.  When he returns home, he finds his daughter Carol still in the same troubled state while her husband Jack struggles to cope with it.  One night he goes out for an evening stroll. He takes his gun. When he is accosted by a mugger, he uses it and shoots the man dead. He leaves the scene and rushes home. He is overwhelmed by the experience and vomits. He is overcome with fear and emotion but he begins to fall in love with the danger of his nightly strolls and the cathartic power of defending oneself. Without much effort the muggers find him and every time you know that Kersey has a bullet waiting for them. He walks in deserted places. He sits by himself on a subway. He sticks his head in an alley when he sees some punks ganging up on one man. He only pulls out his gun to defend himself but he kills each attacker and leaves the scene each time. He becomes a hero to many, muggings go down and the vigilante, as the press calls him, inspires others to stand up to muggers.  Death Wish is a story about a man taking action because he doesn't want to live in fear anymore. He makes a death wish and he begins to love it. Even when the police are on to him, he still feels the need to go out and make himself a target so he can defend himself and kill thugs in the process. His death wish has become his life and he cannot stop. When the police give him an ultimatum, he has to, at least in New York.  There is a lot of suspense in Death Wish. There is the fear and tension that this will be the night Kersey will be caught or that this will be the night that the muggers will get him. The punks who killed Kersey's wife and raped his daughter are out there somewhere although they never turn up again.  Herbie Hancock's score gives the film a jazzy rhythm as well as to highlight the tension. Vincent Gardenia stands out as the no-nonsense Police Inspector who catches Kersey. Jeff Goldblume is hard to forget as "Freak #1".
 Classic Charles Bronson action movie.  This has always been one of my favorites of the Death wish movies.  Some very intense scenes for an old movie and has tht obvious R rating for a reason.
 Since I have gotten more politically involved, I decided to watch this video on dvd. I was amazed and it summed up my attitude toward those die hard criminals. It was a relevant message about how crime is out of control and how the police actually have no responsibility or liability to protect us. We must do that ourselves ultimately. The music was a little off, but still very classy and physcotic at times . The end of the movie was definately a chill for me when it showed his vigilantism would continue. Except for the next movies, it would be with a more serious group with much more guns involved.
 An early scene has Paul Kersy standing in his living room, swinging a sock full of quarters to ever mounting glee, a scene intentionally reminiscent of the bone brandishing ape-man in 2001 Space Odyssey. In the last scene of the movie, a freeze frame, (having declared early on the modern fixation with firearms a penile substitute), has Kersy making the "gun sign in front of a fetching lass's business section, his manhood reclaimed. This movie isn't about revenge as it is an initiation of a pacifist, and his gradual ardor, to violence as a birthright. This is born out from the transition of Kersy's marital contentment and city life complacency, to the brilliantly drawn out middle section of his mundane and muddled attempt to readjust to new circumstances without anything to justify such efforts. Considering that the outcry against the movie has less to do with violence and more with the audience's complicity with the main character, this is easy territory for the likes of a Cronenberg
 No need to say anything except it is a good movie, and fun to watch.  Bronson was always interesting in his personalization - sort of dry, but intriguing.
 I guess by now you could call this movie a "classic. It would meet most definitions. It was so popular when it was released that it spawned a number of sequels, but they just got dumb and dumber. This is one of the most famous "revenge movies ever made and still stands up today.  "Death Wish is a very, very simple story and it panders to our base instincts which is probably why it was so successful. Most people want justice, and they want it now....which is what this movie preaches. At the time, the movie was shocking. If it came out today, it wouldn't have nearly the impact. However, the early scene of the mother and daughter raped and killed is still horrifying. That will never change.  The story then slows down as we see the transformation of the husband, from conscientious objector to vigilante. When Charles Bronson hits the streets, the film picks up big-time. The movie also ends on a very satisfying note
 [...] I guess nobody told him that you are supposed to let the system handle criminals and hand out punishments.  This movie is about a man who sees his wife and daughter victimized by street thugs.  His wife is killed and his daughter is mentally damaged by the event.  The police don't seem to provide any assistance so he takes the law into his own hands.  Eventually the police catch on to his secret operations against street criminals, but they don't arrest him, they simply advise him to move away.  This is where the Death Wish sequels pick up.  Great movie with a great icon.
 Some of the best movies made came from the 70's and this is one of them. Charles Bronson gets the combination of straight acting and action man just right in this his most successfully movie of his long career. A hard edged thriller with excellent character development on Bronson's part and tight uncompromising direction by Michael Winner. Highly recommended even to non Bronson fans.
 I loved Charles Bronson in  Death Wish . I wish I could find the remaining Death Wish movies on dvd. Great acting and a story line that never gets tiring, In the tradition of dirty harry.
 Liked it 20 years ago and like it now.  I lost my original(loaned it out one too many times). This is a replacement.
 I love seeing works of both fiction and non fiction where the content is presented in as blunt a form as possible, and I think this is the case with Death Wish.  Although some may accuse this film's makers of exploiting peoples' fear of criminals I think that the director was simply trying to be realistic, this way the viewer can get an idea of what it is like to be a victim of violent crime, be it yourself or a family member.  Also, I'm sure that there are things happening in real life that are far worse that what has been shown in this film, but that's a different issue.  This is why the rape scene, brutal as it may have been, was a necessity to set this film apart as a realistic action/vigilante film.  Another interesting thing about Death Wish is that the protagonist does not seem like a person who would be an vigilante, he's a middle aged man who is, dare I say, gentle.  But when rape and murder hit his family he does not know what to do, especially when the police do not seem able to help at all.  And so after receiving a pistol from a newly made cowboy type friend in the Southwest he begins to walk the streets awaiting the latest mugger attack so that he can properly undertake the capping of their butts.  This is one of the unique features of the first Death Wish compared to its sequels, Paul Kersey does not know who he is hunting, and so he simply caps whosoever should try to mug him.  But in the sequels he knows exactly who he is searching for.  I also liked the action in this movie.  It seemed to me that what Paul Kersey lacked in physical finesse he made up for in marksmanship.  I particularly liked the scene where the two men follow him into the tunnel from the caf&eacute; and he has to fend off two men with knives at close range with a pistol.  Even the slightest wrong move on the part of Kersey would have meant his doom.  Death Wish is a film of relief for those who have completely lost their patience with crime waves.  It doesn't show muggers and rapists as victims of society, but as people who are able to exist freely in it.  The film is correct in showing that so many of these criminals can do whatever they want and walk freely; statistically, only one out of every sixteen rapists will ever spend a day in jail.  But it does fail statistically, as more sexual assaults are perpetrated on young women by people they know rather than by strangers, but that too is another issue.
 When Charles Bronson's wife and daughter are attacked brutally by a gang of thugs-the wife is murdered and the daughter loses her mind, he trolls the bowels of Central Parks tunnels and underpasses seeking slime-balls armed with only a dirty sockful of quarters until a sympathetic Arizona business man makes a gift to Bronson of a gun.  Then Bronson uses his quarters at the laundromat and starts blowing the punks away. Naturally the cops are miffed when the scum of NYC is being offed by a "vigilante and they are left with nothing to do but drink coffee, escort little old ladies across the street and play poker at the precinct. Bronson is eventually found out but without admitting anything he is none-the-less escorted out of town and when he arrives at his new killing ground, the last scene points to Death Wish number, 2,3,4 5 which lacked the punch of the original. But I have to admit one scene in number 2 I remember-Bronsons catatonic daughter once more meets up with a murderous gang of thugs and to escape she jumps out a window and impales herself on a picket fence. Cool.  Death Wish was kinda controversial when it was first released but the audiences lapped it up and so did I.  On a personal note, since I conceal carry, I am hardly a vigilante and I wouldn't go looking for trouble but if trouble came to me, let's just say I would be alive and trouble would have no need of Mr Bronson's dirty sock and his only accessorie quite possibly would be--a toe tag.  This review is dedicated to the preeminent JCVD reviewer.
 It only took he wife being murdered and his daughter being brually gang rape and left mentally unstable to make one knee jerk liberal to go hard core conservative.  Too bad he hadn't gon esooner maybe the ladies would have shot the creeps dead instead.
 Sin in its Greek meaning
 Wrong, the answer is only slightly...only slightly. That would be a quote from the famous anchorman Tom Tucker who would cease to exist is it wasn't for the ultimate mustached vigilante Charles "you're so money and you don't even know it but you do Bronson. A couple years back Sid dedicated almost an entire month to the Death Wish series on our epic Thursday nights opening our eyes to Paul Kersey and his revenge based justice. Unfortunately the Wal-Mart 3 pack consisted of Death Wish 2-4 leaving us empty of the original and finale of the series...until now. Thanks to AMC and their love of action B they decided to do a week long dedication to the series and kicked it off Monday night with the 1974 release Death Wish. Nothing better to watch after some Monday Night Football then a little a** kicking Bronson.  The Death Wish premise is pretty simple, and just happens to be the same for all five flicks, in which a New York architect becomes a one-man vigilante death squad after his wife is murdered by street toughs. No thug, rapist, murderer, or deadbeat in the entire city is safe from the wrath of Chuck and his push broom mustache of death. His weapon of choice is an antique .32 caliber heater he stashes in his office safe and cracks out on his way home in order to kill a couple punks before sitting down to dinner. Every kill scene is pretty much exactly the same providing non stop laughs with is gritty 70's B-ness.  Death Wish is a film most action fans have seen and we couldn't be happier to add it to the list...or throw the ------- things up there. Ever since our first chuck induced viewing of Death Wish 2 we were hooked on the B factor Charles Bronson had to bring to the table. It's evident that he sits among the top echelon in the B community with such names as Mike Norris, Arnold Brownschwager, Sly Stallone, Chuck Norris, Chad Mcqueen, and Don Swayze. As the years go on the Sid brothers remain dedicated to continuing the quest for all things B and will continue to sprinkle in more Bronson among the great variety we already subscribe to. Now whatever your name is get ready for the big surprise.
 I'll take the vigilante, unfortunately the law cannot protect everyone and it is impotent and lenient in punishing criminals. (In this country anyway) Ok nuff of that. Charles Bronson plays Architect Paul Kersey who wife and daughter are attacked by thugs on their way home from shopping. Kersey gets the bad news about his wife's death and his daughter's irreversible catatonia. Steven Keats plays the "what am I gonna do now husband of Kersey's daughter. Charles Bronson's character knows what to do...seek vengeance. His company sends him to Arizona to look over a project where he meets the land developer (Stuart Margolin) who's a shooter (targets) in the gun club where he's a member When it comes time for Paul to leave and go back to NY he gets a present, in the shape of a .32 revolver. Kersey then decides to begin the vigilantism, after which killing his first thug he goes home and pukes his guts out. Now it begins..all downhill and no hesitation to kill for Mr.Kersey. He soon becomes a celebrity not only with the public but with the "NY government who will not admit that the vigilante's killing spree has cut crime by 67% (I think the film says). Now he comes under the watchful eye of NY (sneezy) detective (Vincent Guardinia) who is caught between doing his job and at the same time being sympathetic to Kersey. Now...ask yourself this question, what would you do if this happened to you? I already know what I would do.
 Excellent service. Received the videos very quickly and in excellent condition. Just what I wanted!
 Everthing worked out fine, I was well pleased with all transactions.  Thanks,Willie Lewis
 If you have a blu-ray player and a surround sound system this is a must buy. These discs will be what you use to show off the quality of your system. Included are two full concerts (on two discs), 8 songs with a live chamber orchestra and a few extra performances exclusive to the blu-ray version. The video is a flawless 1080p and the audio is lossless DTS-HD master 5.1. The difference between the blu-ray and the DVD is beyond comparison. Much like the Planet Earth series, you really have to see (and hear) it to believe it. For Jewel fans, there is no reason not to buy this. Although the price is a bit steep (in line with most blu-rays), this one is worth every cent. You are essentially buying two full concerts and the all around quality is beyond anything you'd expect. Even if you don't like Jewel, but can appreciate well written and performed, quality music, you might want to check this one out, because the high standard of this presentation might make a fan out of you. The few songs with the orchestra are worth it alone. It really is quite strange that this release didn't get more promotion or hype, because it really is one of the best video concerts available.
 This is a must have item for any Jewel fan. The video quality and sound quality is amazing. The direction of the video is extremely well put together with great angles, closeups, and fade in's/out's. It gives you the feeling that this collection wasn't casually put together and great care was taken with it.  The blu-ray extra concert footage is a nice treat as I've always wanted to see what Red Rocks is like in concert.  You simply can't go wrong with this purchase and if you like Jewel's music and have never had the pleasure to see her live, this is your window to that experience.
 This blu-ray is best of all my music dvd collections. I rate it better than Dave Matthews and Incubus. Not only for the sound quality but for the HD picture and video production. Also you get two disks, and lots of extras.
 Far more entertaining than just listening to her cd's.  I was amazed at how much stage presence she really has and the ability to pull you in.  The PQ and audio are very good being BR, and both shows are completely different.  One is an electric band and the other an orchestra.  She blends differently with each and does it very well.
 I love live concerts, but I am getting old so this is perfect.  Jewel is amazing.  I have been following her since 1991 when she was still working in the coffee shop in San Diego.  What a great treat to have such a beautiful concert in your home.  I spent way too much on a home theater system and this disc sounds great.  Not as good as the John Mayer but well worth the investment.
 I had the amazing fortune of being at the Rialto concert (2nd disk).  The quality of this performance is unbelievable.  I'd go as far as to say that this bluray is better than the actual concert.  Sound quality is just fantastic!  This was my first concert of hers and I've been to 5 more since then.  She is an unbelievable performer.  This is a must get...especially if you are a Jewel fan.
 New Blu Ray Peoples...Buy This DVD. This Is The One To Test Your Set Up With.
 I have alway loved Jewel's music.  She is a beautiful delightful woman & a super song writer.  This BR disk has two full concerts plus the RED ROCK songs.  A real bargain price for two disks.  As I watched it I kept telling myself this has to be the finest concert on BLUE RAY to date. LOVE HER !
 I really love it.It came with 2 disc with a lot of songs. The songs whith the Chamber Orchestra are fenomenal, blue ray image and sound are fantastic. Jewel is the best. It's really a Definitive Essential Wonderful Songbook.
 I have always been a big fan of Jewel, but after watching this DVD and listening to her life stories, this girl is really unbelievable. Her songs (she has written all) are truly great, as they each tell a little part of her somewhat wild and adventurous life. You get to listen to her tell how she has written songs on-the-fly while watching people walk by. Her voice is simply beautiful and when she sings, she pours her soul into each word. So strong, she'll have you crying along with her as her stories flow out of her. Her talent is truly remarkable and rare. I fully understand now how she clearly stands out above the rest and has earned her right to be considered a Super-Star in music.
 I have like her in the past but till I got this concert I did not relize just how wonderfull her talent realy is. I came away with even mor respect and of corse a very enjoyable time watching the concert.I like that she chats with the audence from time to time, You can relate to her and get the sence that she is a very down to earth person! I like the 2nd disk concert just a bit more then disk 1 concert. The songs are the same or nearly the same but I just got a sence she was more comfortable at the 2nd disk concert This as become one of my favoret Bue-ray concerts to watch over again. I don't see how you could be disapointed with this.  SEE MY VIDEO REVIEW IN YOU TUB. PUT IN YOU TUB SEARCH MrWm2800 and you will see this as well as several other concert dvd reviews.
 First of all, the PQ and SQ are top-notch!! The performances by Jewel are excellent although I didn't like the orchestra section in the later part of the concert. Watching Jewel singing Foolish Games just melts my heart~~~ 2 concerts in 2 discs for the price of one. What a deal! Get this BD if you are a fan~~
 The Blu-Ray version of these two Jewel concerts is truely amazing! You won't regret buying it!
 if you like jewel this set of blu-rays is a must have. the tow concert are wonderful, and it includes a few extras from 3rd concert that looks amazing.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  Great music, good effects for the time the movie was made and unexpectedly funny.  Enjoy!
 it was a great experienced watching this movie once again, growing-up watching this particular movie on tele did had a lasting impression on me where back then certain aspect of the movie itself beats the hell outta nowadays CGI-enhanced movie...kudos to the movie maker for making sucha brilliant movie can classified this under cult-classics...tee-hee
 I was obsessed with werewolves when I was in second or third grade.  Something about them just fascinated me.  (Ironically, I was also terrified of wolves)  In second grade, I was determined to see "An American Werewolf in London as soon as possible.  It sounded like a great movie.  After about three years of begging, my father finally allowed me to watch it.  The film begins with two college students travelling through the English countryside.  After a bizarre encounter with the locals at a pub, the boys stumble on to the British moors during the full moon, where they are attacked by a giant wolf.  Three weeks later, David (Naughton) is in a London hospital and Jack (Griffin Dunne) is dead.  John Landis, who wrote and directed this film, is famous for his great comedies, such as "Animal House", "The Blues Brothers", and "Kentucky Fried Movie".  People expecting the constant humor of those films may have been disappointed with this was released.  This film has humor - some parts are quite funny - but it's not a huge part of the film.  But the film maintains a light tone throughout most of that film, and that makes it all the more enjoyable.  David Naughton is very good; he makes many of his scenes very funny.  Griffin Dunne was a great choice; he makes a very believable, cynical young man.  Jenny Agutter, Naughton's love interest, is beautiful and a fitting casting decision.  John Woodvine and Brian Glover are very good in their roles.  Paul Kember was very likable and amusing as Sergeant McManus.  "Muppets"/"Star Wars fans will enjoy a brief appearance by Frank Oz.  The soundtrack is very good.  (Trivia fact
 Those of you like myself that have a region-free player will be glad to know that a 2 disc 21st anniversary edition of this movie is due out in October. Unfortunately, this edition is only region 2 and will not work in non region-free dvd player.
 From directing ANIMAL HOUSE and THE BLUES BROTHERS , John Landis really grew up with this film , but stayed true to his comedy roots .  It shows he would have been a great horror director too .  It is very effective , very entertaining and very scary at the right times .  Buy it and watch with the lights out !!
 PLOT
 What can I say? An instant classic. Great soundtrack, great special effects (minus the initial werewolf attack), great dark humor, great plot, and more than decent acting. I would have to say that the only thing that disappointed me about the whole movie was the werewolf at the end. The entire ending with all of its hilarious carnage; the torn off heads, car wrecks, and cheesy porno were spectacular, however, that grey looking evil dog was a werewolf? Come on....
 There's this scene in An American Werewolf in London where our protagonist is having a conversation with the decomposed corpse of his best friend while watching a pornographic movie in an adult theater.  There are others in the screenroom that eventually reveal themselves to be victims of our tragic werewolf.  Why are they here?  To convince the poor man to commit suicide.  "You gotta kill yourself, man.  Tonight's another full moon.  He then proceeds to change into the beast and terrorizes the movie theater. I bring this one scene up because it had a profound effect on me when I first saw this at eight years old (I know, I know...an eight year old shouldn't have been watching this).  I had never scene anything as twisted before and I've rarely seen anything like it since.  That's the most important thing about this film.  It has never been successfully imitated. Two American best friends are backpacking through England when one night on an lonely road out in the old country, they're attacked by a vicious creature.  One man dies, the other receives near-fatal injuries.  After a brief stay in the hospital, the protagonist is taken in by his lovestruck sympathetis nurse.  The visions of his deceased best-friend begin to haunt him delivering a terrifying prophecy
 I'd read that the impetus for AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON started in the former Yugoslovia in 1969.  A young John Landis was working on KELLEY'S HEROES and saw a burial at the fork in a road straight out of an old Transylvania movie. He wrote his werewolf movie, but it went nowhere until Landis hit it big with ANIMAL HOUSE and THE BLUES BROTHERS.  He then took out his werewolf script called (as the story goes) AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN PARIS, a take off on the Gene Kelly musical, AN AMERICAN IN PARIS.  When the French didn't cooperate with locations, the setting was changed to London. That's what I'd read. One of the things that makes this film so special--other than the lean writing and the (at that time) eye-popping special effects--is how it manages to be both funny and scary. How often do you find that? I met John Landis at a film festival recently and he's very modest about his films.  He shrugs off ANIMAL HOUSE and WEREWOLF, sometimes referring to them as "my dumb little movies.  I'm just Joe Schmo Fan but I hope he someday realizes how great those films are.  Hollywood is STILL trying to make lightning strike again like it did with ANIMAL HOUSE and how many horror movies can you count that strike such the exquisite balance of AMERICAN WEREWOLF?  (If you bring up the RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD movies, then you've already lost the argument). As far as the extras on the DVD, I was disappointed by the actors' commentary.  Too many dead spaces.  As much as Landis loves to talk about movies, I'm still wondering why he doesn't do commentaries for ANIMAL HOUSE and AMERICAN WEREWOLF. He did an excellent commentary for KENTUCKY FRIED MOVIE with Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers.  What young American boy, especially the space cadet nerd, didn't have a crush on Jenny Agutter after LOGAN'S RUN and AMERICAN WEREWOLF?  (One last little note
 ADULTS ONLY! David Naughton and Griffin Dunne are together again for the Audio Commentary of this Collector's Edition of the now-classic An American Werewolf in London (1981).  They laugh together as they share their memories about filming the movie and share some interesting tidbits for you.  Bonus materials
 All I want to know about this flick is if they fixed the sound from the vhs version? The sound on my vhs version is scratchy and rattles if you turn it up. I heard a rumor several years ago that somehow the original sound to this movie was lost in a fire or something. So all I want to know did they fix the sound? Please someone let me know. Thanks BTW this movie is a great romance that will have your girlfriend jumping in your lap from fright. Take care
 Other reviews said it all.  This movie is a miture of horror and clever humor. I wouldn't go so far as to call it comedy. In fact I remeber leaving the movie being saddened by the ending. I won't ruin it for you. The special effects were very well done, and at the time (I was very young when this came to theatres) I had never seen such twists and turns in a horror film. If you think about it, though, a werewolf changes all the time between human and wolf. It ain't easy being either one these days, so it makes sense that it was quite hard on the fellow. Great movie! Great action, very good special effects, and it even has a zombie in it to boot! I loved this movie!
 This DVD version has been a long time in coming. I had to search and search and finally found a DVD copy of this movie on auction site.To see they are releasing it again and making it also availiable in the collectors version is wonderful news. I already reviewed this movie once and gave it very high marks. It is a wonderful horror movie with all the attributes of gore,shock and sex that makes for a wonderful night at the movies. Also the script is wonderfully writen the acting is great.All in all a real tribute to the horror movie makers art!Buy it-you won't be disappointed.By the by don't even bother with the sequel  American Werewolf in Paris  just save your money,it's not even worth a look see.
 I was too young to see this movie when it was first released, though I was eager to see it especially when my older brothers and sisters raved on about it, I had to wait for a few more years to watch it on video (when we  could afford one!), luckily it was worth the wait!  Two American tourist  out in the English backwaters, go wandering the moors (at night! ) after  tasting the liquid delights of a local country pub (dont they watch  movies!  everyone knows you dont do that!  drink at country pubs I mean),  they are attacked by a werewolf, creating another family member of the  psychowolfman clan and giving us an undead sidekick. Its funny, scary,  gorey and in my opinion has thee most excellent classic werewolf  transformation ever (even out does Howling, also a classic, Silver bullet  and A company of wolves!) these days I havent seen anything that compares  to the realistic quality seen in this movie,(thanks to the special effects  wizards).   Few Horror flicks these days can warrant a Classic rating,  fortunately An American Werewolf in London is well and truely one of the  best,If you like horror, with the right amount of humour and graphic gorey  action, a storyline that is highly entertaining without being to simplistic  or predictable (example Scream and its carbon copy wannabes)then this  quality Horror film comes highly recommended, watch it with as much  horrorpleasure your heart can endure!  (also recommended is Catpeople!)
 The BluRay edition of An American Werewolf in London is fabulous!  And the "making of documentary, BEWARE THE MOON is the best making-of I have ever seen!  Greatest werewolf ever!!!
 Excellent copy of this movie. Fun to see this one again, the changing sequence is one of the best. The special effects are excellent, and his friend...you have to see it. Another movie for the late night collection. Want to visit merry ol' England, and treck around?
 Not a long review but I just wanted to say that the full moon edition on blu ray has a ton of extra features on it.  A full length documentary plus 3 or 4 more featurettes.  If you never owned this movie before this blu ray is the one to get.  It is priced well and will give you just about anything you wanted to know about the movie.
 This is a great old Werewolf movie and my wife's favorite, so it has to be good.  Besides, it is set English moors, with good guys, bad guys, a pretty girl, a ghost, a howling Werewolf and all on Blue-ray.  What more could you want?
 My brother was extremely happy with this gift!!!  This movie is so awesome, the best werewolf movie ever made!!!  The transformation scene is the best ever!!!!  I will never forget that scene as long as I live!!!
 Undeniably, one of the finest horror and werewolf movies ever made! The unbelievable thing is, it's 30 years old and yet Hollywood hasn't released one single werewolf movie that could challenge this great flick. There have been some fine efforts. The Howling, Dog Soldiers, and I know I'll catch grief for this one, but Bad Moon! (Yes, I like this one) But they are far behind when it comes to the classic An American Werewolf in London. I already owned the dvd of AAWIL, but with Blu-ray coming out and hitting more titles all the time, I just had to get the Blu-ray treatment of this fantastic film. I'm a special features buff and this one has some really good ones. I watched the entire movie, plus all of the special featurettes in one sitting.  The best of the bunch was the incredible "Beware the Moon where Landis speaks about all of the negative press that the film received and how difficult it was to shoot the climax in Piccadilly Circus (considered the Times Square of London) in London's West End district. This documentary had some really great stuff here. And having learned my lesson from purchasing other older movies that received the Blu-ray treatment, my expectations were kept minimal as to how it would look. But the transfer was unexpectedly sharp! The audio was exceptional and I found this purchase a great bargain! I can watch American Werewolf in London multiple times. And David's transformation into the werewolf the first time is one of the finest transformations in cinema history without the help of computers.  This fine disc is worth the purchase. Go back to the Slaughtered Lamb and watch this again!
 No other werewolf movie tops American Werewolf in London and no special effects ever topped the transformation scene in this movie. Blu-ray makes it even more fantastic.
 I loved this movie when i saw it in the movie theater. I still love it on blu-ray! just the same as when i saw it on the big screen.
 The best werewolf movie ever gets a outstanding edition on blu-ray. A must have in any collection.
 I first saw this film when I was about 11 and it scared the hell out of me. Personally I think this film has one of the best morphing sequences to date and that is quite rare of eighties special effects. If you want to see a werewolf movie that will send shivers down your spine then this is the one to watch unlike its very poor sequel An American Werewolf In Paris which didnt really take note on the special effects or the storyline.
 I give this movie 5 stars, its an excellent WereWolf movie. For it being made in the 80's , I believe it was 1980 it has the best Human - werewolf transformation. The action is good the story does not get boring and it will keep you up and on your toes, never bored. the acting is very good the gore is there, not like dawn of the dead 1978 gore but its bloody. It is without a doubt a classic werewolf movie, just a classic in general and worth the buy and especially if you are a fan of horror/cult type of movies its a must to have. To anyone who rates it low if I was you I wouldnt take there but take the word of the people who gave it 4 or 5 stars cause they are not lying. Just an excellent movie.
 Okay, so I didn't see this until I was 24, but scary? God no! Funny, irreverent, and well done, though.  Two Americans are wandering along the moors of Wales when they're attacked by a werewolf. Jack (the horny comic relief sidekick) is killed and David (the slightly mature frat boy type) awakens after 6 weeks in a coma in a London hospital, under the care of a hard boiled doc and a sexy nurse.  David begins to lose his mind when Jack shows up in sporadic visits, decomposing as he goes along. As a victim of the werewolf Jack is "undead as in dead, but unable to rest, just like all the victims of this werewolf's line.  He urges David to kill himself and end the curse, freeing all the victims.  David does not and the first night mauls what appears to be an accountant in a Tube station amongst other victims. He wakes up naked in zoo cage with other wolves. He goes back to the nurse's flat and they have wild monkey love.  The next night he goes nuts and kills more people, including a clueless couple who are quite amiable when they meet him in the afterlife.  The third night undead Jack lures him into a porno theater with the saddest fake prono in the background. David transforms into the ugliest wolf you've ever seen in the theater and after killing everyone in it, escapes into the crowds of Lodnon town. Chased down an alley his only hope for salvation is the quasi-sympathethic London nurse who appears to be using him for sex.  Funny, great soundtrack, cool effects, perfect for the horror buff or the comedy buff. A must see! Think Lon Chaney meets "Animal House".
 Many of the horror/sci-fi movies of the 80's look outdated today in an age of CGI and non stop action sequences. I'm glad to say that AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON is one of the few films of that era and genre that holds very well even today. At the core of things is the good story
 As a matter of fact, this is actually better. It's in color(I love B&W movies, but color is better), and it is more scary. The atmosphere is amazing, too. I haven't felt that creeped solely by atmosphere since I watched HALLOWEEN. And the werewolf SFX are totally radical. The only movie I have EVER seen that can top that is Rob Bottin's amazing work in John Carpenter's "THE THING. John Carpenter is great, isn't he? Halloween, The Thing, The Fog, Christine, I love that guy. ANYWAY, this movie kicks so much ass, and the humor fits right in. And I must say that nurse is EXTREMELY hot. So go buy this flick, don't waist $5 renting, just buy it, you will be glad you did.
 1981 was The Year of the Werewolves...the furry fiends leaped onto movie screens in three major films
 An American Werewolf in London is probably the best Werewolf flick since Lon Chaney Jr originally transformed under the full moon.  Sure, the film is almost 30 years old, but with the new high def transfer it's hard to tell.  As an avid DVD buyer my transition to the Blu-ray media has been a little slow to say the least.  I'm generally only buying new titles and am very stubborn when it comes to double dipping on titles I already own.  Some companies take the cheap route and just slap an upscaled transfer onto a Blu-ray in order to make some fast cash.  This however, is completely worth re buying.  I'll be honest, the first time I saw this film was when it was originally released on DVD back in the late 90's .  I instantly fell in love with the movie.  Everything about it was perfect, the humor, the scares, the sfx, the amazing soundtrack.  It's very rare to find a movie that so perfectly combines horror and comedy, a film with characters you truly care for.  This is a movie that sticks with you, one of the better horror comedies, one of the best werewolf films.  The transfer is great, crystal clear.  It's as if it was filmed a few years ago.  The audio has great as well, the film has never looked or sounded this good.  The extras for the most part were transfered over from the original 2001 DVD, but the best extra comes in the form of a feature length documentary called "Beware the Moon.  The documentary covers everything from conception, to filming, to the somewhat negative reception it got when it was originally released.  It's a pity more movies don't get the kind of treatment.  Buy this disc immediately!
 This is one of the few movies that have consistently given me nightmares since I was a child.  It is at least a decade ahead of its time.  Most of the negative criticisms that I have read use the word "uneven a lot.  Even Roger Ebert, whom I admire, claimed that the humor and the horror were an uneasy mix.  This was years before he gave the movie Scream a positive review.  Now I LIKE the movie Scream, but there is no way that one can claim that it gets the balance right whereas Werewolf gets it wrong.  Scream simply benefits from occurring in the cynical nineties - Werewolf suffers from being avant guard.  . The new DVD has a few good extras on it - especially a new interview with Landis.  Even after all these years, the film still holds up.  Unlike most films, I see more things in it the more I look.  What, for instance, is up with the townsfolk of East Proctor and what is their relationship with the original werewolf?  My guess - they brought it on themselves somehow.  Maybe one of their own ran over a gypsy and was cursed.  Instead of killing the bloke, they all decide to hide beneath the pentangle in The Slaughtered Lamb every full moon. I am recently returned from England and this movie is listed in Fodor's as one of the films that best showcases London.  I heartily agree.  I visited the infamous tube stop at Tottenham Court Road and it still looks much the same as when the David made his kill there.  And as I walked, alone in the countryside, beneath the light of the full moon, I had to ask myself, "Am I crazy?  Fortunately, I made it to the pub.  There I waited, beneath the pentangle, for my friends to walk me home.
 With all due respect to some of the other reviewers, they are obviously not writing about the Full Moon Edition BD, which was issued in 2009.  I'm writing about this specific BD version.  I also own the HD-DVD version and it is quite good.  In fact, several of the extras that are on this BD issue were also on the HD-DVD version.  But with the BD you also get an additional interview with Rick Baker as he talks about his experiences from the making of the movie, plus a documentary titled "Beware the Moon".  This latter feature is worth the price of the BD by itself.  So, how's the quality of the transfer?  Pretty darned good, I'd say.  Certainly the best that's ever been available.  It is noticeably better than the HD-DVD transfer and the sound has either been remixed or improved in some way.  The DTS 5.1 sound is perhaps not as good as some films, but it's a lot better than it was on the HD-DVD or standard DVD.  As for the film itself...what can I say?  This continues to be one heck of a ride for the viewer.  Everytime I mention this film to someone, they describe an experience they had when they first viewed it.  (When I received this BD edition from Amazon, I showed it to one of my younger co-workers.  Without any prompting he said, "I couldn't sleep for two weeks after I saw that on TV.")  What it will probably boil down to is, should you go ahead and buy this Full Moon Edition BD to replace your old HD-DVD or DVD?  Heck, yeah!  What are you waiting for?  It's worth every penny.
 That's the way this film was advertised when it came out in 1981, in the classic Universal monster sense "a monster movie.  As a child of divorce, I had a weekend Dad that would take my sister and me to any movie regardless of rating (well, within limits) and this one scared us silly.  I remember sitting in the theater and watching the transformation (having seen Lon Chaney Jr.'s transformation in "The Wolf Man I was familiar with the lineage of the genre and the example this film had to live up to... having seen "The Howling later (not much later, as the films nearly competed with each other theatrically) I was a huge fan of Rob Bottin and his mentor, Rick Baker (not to mention the late, great Dick Smith and the master of splatter, Tom Savini), I was just glued to the screen during one of the coolest effects of all time, just awed by what was happening, and just freaked at the believability of it all when compared to the stop-motion transformation of the Chaney makeup) not to mention the scene with David Naughton ("be a Pepper! Drink Dr. Pepper!) and Jenny Agutter in bed (not to mention the shower)... yowza! (Well, I was 11). The only thing that's ever bugged me about this film is the lack of what's supposed to be a supremely gory scene that Landis cut out because it overwhelmed the scene that came after it (supposedly, audiences were so grossed out and shocked that they babbled through the entire dialogue scene that followed David waking up in the wolf's pen at the zoo)
 This is the only 5 star Blu I have given that is not a reference quality picture, but they put so much on here I could not avoid it.  The picture quality and clarity were underwhelming, but it still looks better than any of the prior versions. Plenty of artifact, hair, grain and fade throughout but the colors turned out nice, especially the reds (plenty of red in this film). I would have to say it preserves nicely (in a nostalgic way) how we all remember seeing this back in the 80s scaring the something out of us. The DTS rears actually get used but only in the howling sequences, otherwise everything is funneled into the front three channels. But what makes this so worthwhile are the supplements.  The new features with Rick Baker and John Landis are worth the two hours and have TONS of great material (personal favorites include the ratings board clashes, how the screenings went and Baker being interviewed in front of his favorite prop - the whole wolf, still looks so real). The additional features are from the prior releases and include the interviews, making of, outtakes, photos and more. The subs and menu listings are in 18 languages and the film is dubbed into four others. This also has the D-Box Motion Code, BD Live and is laid out in the typical left-feeding Universal menus.  Like I said, not a reference picture or sound, but overall this makes for a great deal at this price. If you only have a couple hours for a rental, at least watch the Beware the Moon (new) feature as each location is visited recently with some great Landis material spliced in appropriately.
 David Kessler and Jack Goodman are two Americans taking a break from school and family by taking a three month trek across the English countryside. Wet and hungry they venture into a small country village where they stop in at the Slaughtered Lamb hoping to eat and warm up. They come across some eccentric residents who are anything but warm and are encouraged to leave even though it's late and the full moon is out. Shortly after leaving they venture off the main road onto the moors where they are attacked by a creature of the night.  David (played by David Naughton) is the only one who survives the attack but he's having horribly gory dreams and his mutilated dead friend Jack (Griffin Dunne) keeps coming to him, in various degrees of decay, and telling him he should kill himself before the next full moon. One of the ways David remains sane is hooking up with his nurse, Alex Price (Jenny Agutter / Logun's Run).  An American Werewolf in London was written and directed by John Landis who also directed the movie Animal House and Michael Jackson's Thriller video. It was filmed entirely in Wales, London and Middlesex, England. This is one of the best horror movies of all time with incredibly detailed make-up effects by Rick Baker that still hold up for today's viewers. Baker set the standards for future monster movies.  I love the music too. It's addictive. Probably because there are only three songs throughout
 The nagging at home has gotten to me and I'm posting another review.  Hopefully this will hold him off for a while (You know that I love you to death Mr. Bronson)  I loved this movie from the moment it started.  Seeing me beautiful and peaceful scenery at the opening of the movie really got to me.  I know that all these horrible events were about to take place and seeing the serenity that opened the movie created at "wow factor for me.  (As you've probably figured out by now, I'm really big on contrast in a movie.)  The characters are "real in the sense that you an feel for them and sense the agony and passion throughout the movie.  I'll admit that I jumped twice in the movie.  To me, this is an indiction of how into the movie I am.  Yes it's a cheap scare but if I'm analyzing a movie going "this is wrong.  that's wrong then I'm not going to jump when whatever comes out of the closet.  My only complaint with this movie is the ending.  I don't mind where it stops per say but it's more the instant jump to the credits with the happy and up beat music after something so sad just happened.  (I refuse to put blatant spoilers in my reviews!)  I'm all for contrast but (as stated above) but this just wasn't the place for it.  Let me have my ending and digest it before forcing me to move onto a new emotion.  But ending on a positive note
 This was one of the first 'horror' films I ever saw, and it is by far one of the most memorable films of the genre I have ever seen.  From the cold, bleak beginnings with the two young American back-packers wandering into The Slaughtered Lamb, there is a certain ominous and effectivly eirey quality from the word go.  The comical naivety and the even-more comically sombre attitude that the locals at the pub engage in is movie entertainment at it's best.  It sets the scene for the true rollercoaster of a movie that is yet to come.  The gore is gorey, the scares are scarey, the comedy is spot on and the surrealism is baffling and highly disturbing.  It has to be said that the setting for the film in London is inspired.  Of course, the tolken well-mannered coppers and the ever-so nice doctors and nurses seem to be plucked straight out of the nearest Britsih book of cut-out stereotypes, but I don't think the film could have worked any other way.  A lot of people claim that Scream (1996) is the best horror-comedy since this little masterpiece, but how they can even be compared is beyond me.  Scream mocks (respectivley) an entire genre of slasher movies that died way before Freddy even hung up his old slasher-glove.  An American Werewolf was the only, and still is, the only film in it's 'genre'.  Original, profound, desperately enteratining and memorable in every aspect.  The soundtrack's great (fantastically ominous title music clashing with hilariously cheesy covers and classics).  The acting is also spot-on.  Buy this film.  Buy this film and then wonder why Michael Jackson's Thriller video isn't shown as often as it should be too....
 Very scary. Very funny. Featuring the excellent Griffin Dunne. A must for fans of the genre. Why has John Landis made so much rubbish since?
 This was an excellent remake of an old horror movie.The actors in this movie played their roles well. A young man in London is bitten by a werewolf. He promptly turns into a werewolf. He goes on a killing spree that has London in a state of panic.He even kills his friend.The makeup job that is used on hid friend is absolutely frightening.The special effects that are used in this movie are absolutely first notch. I watched this movie when it first came out. It was good then and it is good now.The scenery of London is also very good. Watch this film. You will be as carried away as i was. Buy it.
 Intelligent, melancholic, funny, chilling ... AAWIL is an under-rated classic. From the missed dart in the Slaughtered Lamb to the mauling on the moors; from the spooky double dream sequence to the atmospheric London scenes, there is never a dull moment. The soundtrack is just right (Van Morrison, Creedance Clearwater Revival et al) while the special effects - particularly the amazing metamorphosis - are genre-defining. With great performances from Agutter and Naughton, this film is rich in memorable moments and made all the more unmissable by the light touch of director Landis. Sink your teeth into this film ... but beware the moon!
 An American Werewolf in London is a rare combination of true terror and great humor, but, as writer/director John Landis himself has said, it is not a comedy, for many presumed and still presume as it being one-a comedy-horror that is to say. It at times is a very funny movie-true, but it is not a comedy. It is rather a very saddening story when you really think about it. I mean, both primary characters end up dead for Christ sake, one leaving the love of his life in great grief. What's so amusing about that? An American Werewolf in London is not only my favorite werewolf film with a great soundtrack (as one to play three different versions of one of the most popular oldies song ever, "Blue Moon", how could it not be?), but was also one to open up new doors for such horror films that center upon these hair-raising themes. Before it, there was no such a thing as a four-legged beast that was seen crouched and using all four legs when in pursue of its victims, neither was there such a thing as a film that was this imaginative and this realistic when it came to the transformation of a character turning from an average-looking man to such a vicious and grisly creature that prowls the night for "fresh meat whenever the moon rises high in full form and sheds its light upon those who might possibly take pleasure of seeing it for the very last time. As makeup artist Rick Baker has said in an interview which you'll find on the Special Edition DVD (don't bother with the old one), it's nothing like Lawrence Talbot in The Wolf man, where they sit him in a chair and do lap dissolves, do a little bit more makeup and shoot some film, and do a little bit more and overlap the two. Landis told Baker that he wanted a dramatic piece that was never done before, and that's exactly what he got; the results were astonishing in its days. With plenty of cuts, close-ups of different parts of the body, and harsh bright florescent lights, there was no way to be tricked, as it all happened on camera. Here, you see it all. You see the hands as they transformed into paws, the changing of the skull, the spine arch, the rapid growing of the hair which ultimately covered the entire body. And what more, what is even more realistic is that, as all this happens to the very unfortunate character which David Naughton portrayed, to his horror, it turns out to be a very painful experience, and, when you think about it, why shouldn't it be? If you were to actually undergo through such a harrowing experience, if your body was to actually alter into the form of a wild mammal's, just imagine how painful that would be...and Naughton perfectly shows that; he makes you feel his physical agony. It's brilliant; a perfect depiction that, in my opinion, has never been done better in any other film that followed. John Landis was first inspired to create An American Werewolf in London back in the year of 1969, when he was a production assistant in Yugoslavia on the set of Kelly's Heroes. "We were driving on this long road, recalls Landis. "The traffic had stopped because this group of peasants and priests were burying a body in the middle of the crossroads. It was a criminal, and they were burying him there so he wouldn't come back to cause trouble. This was 1969, man was on the moon, and these people really believed in the supernatural. That gave me the idea-to take the supernatural and place it in a contemporary setting. It was then that he wrote the script in hopes of making the film, and though it was never green-lighted at the time because the studios couldn't figure out how a horror could be both scary and humorous, in 1980, after his success with National Lampoon's Animal House and The Blues Brothers, it finally was, and audiences were amazed with this man's and the rest of the crew's abilities, whose talents winded up creating what has now become the most momentous modern werewolf horror film ever!
 One of the best horror films ever. Combines humor and terror. The werewolf metamorphasis scene has not been rivaled in any other werewolf film. A must buy for horror fans and movie buffs.
 I loved this movie when I first watched it in the theater. It has all the ingredients of a horror film but with a twist of dark humor thrown in. Michael Jackson hired John Landis and Rick Baker to do his Thriller video after seeing this film. And we all know the results of that video. It's a difficult movie to describe since it's both very graphic but also has that dark humorous edge to it.  David Naughton's character is going through that typical evolving realization that he's really a werewolf. But of course he has to have a number of victims before it really sinks in.  The creature itself is fantastic.
 I saw this movie when i was 15 years old one of the best things that really shook me up was that the character's name and i share the same name .The violence was top notch and the story kept you on the edge of your seat The wolf transformation was so cool ,the way the hairs started growing  and the changing was cutting age i recommend that everyone should see this movie
 A bright, witty mix of gruesome horror and campy comedy with some truly memorable scares, one transformation scene that has to be seen to be believed and a some truly disgusting make-up effects.  Naughton and Dunne  are excellent but even John Landis sly direction doesn't hold a candle to  Rick Baker's showstopping F/X.  A great watch.
 The comedy in this movie was what made it one of the greats, you couldn't ask for a better time from a film.  If you enjoy to laugh as your being scared than this is your movie, I'll go out on a limb and say this was a  better movie than the original Nightmare on Elm Street.
 What's to be said about this classic that hasn't been said before? Basically, everything here is solid. The acting, the story, the humor, the gore, the emotion, the direction. Everything. A film like this is unique in that it is a hybrid. It doesn't quite know which direction it wants to take, but each direction it does take is done all too well. A movie like this doesn't really get made these days because of how opaque its intentions are, even when the credits start rolling. This is a dark comedy dressed up in the premise of B-Movie schlock, but executed as a masterpiece. The visual effects are stunning and refreshing in this over-saturated CGI phase that films have been fondling for the past 20 or so years now.  An American Werewolf is a timeless film, and is truly one of its kind. I can't really think of too many werewolf movies that have really stayed with me, I suppose another would be Mike Nichols' Wolf, but John Landis' venture proves to not only transcend mindless horror entertainment, it mainly answers that big question of, "what if there really are such things as werewolves and I'm one of them? Best horror movie ever plus pioneered the realistic special effect.no CGI can match old school efx.Proud to own this classic
 This is absolutely one of the classic horror movies in history of film, but I want to know exactly what are the extra features on the Special edition DVD and not the Blu-ray, because all Reviews are focusing on the Blu-ray edition. Hope someone could help me and thank you.
 David Naughton and Jenny Agutter were outstanding in John Landis' classic take on lyncanthrope, but Griffin Dunne as Naughton's friend, fellow victim ( fatally attacked by the same werewolf that mauls Naughton's character ), and rotting 'cheerleader' is gruesomely, outrageous. Rick Baker's FX work was simply amazing, and still holds up well ( it certainly beats the CGI 'mud puppies' created for AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN PARIS by a few lightyears ). The cinematography ( particularly on the moors ) is beautiful, and creepy. This is a genuinely scary movie, with a nice love-story, an excellent cast, and still the best transformation scene ever. Definitely a meat-lovers choice.
 Well I bought this movie for fun and to add to my collection.  It did bring back memories of fun times.  I do not think there is any better transformation of human to werewolf on any film prior to and since the making of this movie.
 This has got to be the best of the werewolf movies, great story and and makeup and awesome special fx including the transformation scene, it's filled with scares and thrills and also humor, highly recommended.
 The Movie was just as good as I had remembered. Amazing special effects without the use of computer animation. A definite must have for any movie collection.
 I sneaked in to see this at the odeon, on my own,  when I was 16, and when the howling on the moors scene came on, I wished I hadn't. By the time the tube station scene came, I wanted to go home. Most horror films NEVER live up to the blurb, but this is still truly a classic, ahead of its time all the way back then, and still good today. Recommended.  Baby Cromwell, Nottingham, England
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE.  Its a lot better than I thought it would be. Its a horror movie with humor.  Very highly recommended.
 I think this is the best movie about werewolves....it mix humor and terror, the story is so joyable that you want it never ends...and aditionally the movie is in London, my favorite city...
 This is a scary, funny and quirky movie well worth owning.  I love good horror flicks with creative writing and a good plot (not slasher movies), and this is one of the best ever.
 This movie is a favorite, but the only copy I had was an old VHS tape.  It is amazing how much better it looks in Blu-Ray.
 I bought this movie for my Mom (whose been trying to get all her favorite movies on DVD now that VHS has gone away) she loved it! Personally I think this movie is great! I love the dark humor and music, definitely a must-have!
 from the beginning i watch this movie since i kid i knew this movie made me scared cause look real from the visual effect and that werewolf transformed freak me out,wow this film has a amazing costume
 This movie is fantastic! Everything about it is well done! The transformation scene is the most graphic Ive ever seen! Give this awesome werewolf story a chance!
 This movie coined the word Special FX, thanks to Oscar Winner Jim Baker, who also worked on the FX of Legend of GreyStroke, This movie is gory, funny, scary, mesmerizing, and did I say gory. John Landis the director, has yet to recapture the magic he created in this film.
 What ever happened to horror movies using good ole special effects instead of fake ass CGI.  This film contains some of the best special effects ever in any film, and still stands up being over twenty years old.  This film and "The Fly are my favorite horror films ever.  Whats cool about this movie is that it's got it's intense freaky parts as well as being hysterical.  When the main character calls his buddy Jack a "walking meatloaf I laugh my ass off every time.  And the mass hysteria and widespread panic that occurs in the end of the film is equally disturbing and funny.  I think it is a send up of old slapstick humor actually.  It's great when a horror movie can take itself seriously and not take itself seriously at the same time.  John Landis is an amazing director who some how did something totally original with this classic retelling of the werewolf tale.  It takes balls to walk that fine line between humor and horror, most of the time directors fail at achieving the middle ground between those two things.  Buy this one you won't regret it!
 Okay I know I wasn't suppose to laugh at, but I did, and I saw this when I was eight. Now I'm all for a good scary movie, but this isn't scary, but the movie rocked so much. I think the only werewolf film to ever give me the shivers was Wolfen. This is hysterical and you can' deny that the line where the little boy say, "Mommy some naked american man stole my balloons. wasn't funny. Just see this.
 I'm a sucker for a good werewolf movie, and this is a good werewolf movie. Probably the best transformation scene ever filmed, even counting later computer generated ones.
 All these years later and the movie is still awesome! You can't beat the classic scene of when you actually see the character turn into the werewolf. The werewolf isn't scary, but the movie is still fun to watch. You will be thinking about the end of the film for a long time after it is over! It is that much of a mind freak.
 I saw this movie in the theaters back in 1981 and was so happy to see Rick Baker win the first Oscar for best special effects make up! That whole transformation scene is classic and very impressive. It is both amusing and painful to watch.  The wolf in this movie makes me feel real terror and fear. There are several scenes in London that make me grimace and tense up, even though I have seen this before. I bought this on BluRay disc because this movie needs to be seen in HD. I have always been a fan of all types of horror. There are very few movies that can mix humor with horror well for me to recommend but London does. It will always be on my list of best horror films. This is a much, much, much, better film than <a href="http
 Was it the poet John Keats who said something like in truth there is beauty . Well,  An American Werewolf inLondon  shows what truly is scary, and in many ways that truth is so realistic, horrifying and downright macabre that there is a sense of complex beauty portrayed.  Director John Landis is extremely underrated, and this film is perhaps the most overlooked bit of genius I've ever watched. The one seen which will probably scare the hell out of you is when there is a dream sequence of running through the woods and you see a hospital bed. I won't tell you what happens but the fear that is evoked in that seen overwhelms anything ever shown. Remember in  Jaws  when Richard Dreyfuss goes underwater to search the wrecked hull of a ship and the dead body of a man suddenly appears out of nowhere? For me, that scene pales in comparison to  Werewolf's  frights.  As I said, I think Landis really thought hard about what would frighten someone and he put it into this film. For instance the flashback to David Naughton's family in America is interrupted with a hellish sound of incessant, nonstop banging coming from the front door. When the father answers it, lo and behold, but a group of Werewolves dressed up as Nazis begins stabbing everything in sight. Another, revolutionary scare tactic is the sound interruptions used when the werewolf prowls the streets (after his awesome  beautifully realistic  tranformation). Right when you think the wolf is going to jump out and rip someone to pieces, Landis cuts to a  horrifying  scene and sound of a train passing by, or a lion roaring in the zoo Naughton awakes in. Another important idea is the humorous  twists  added to the story. The detective who is completely inept at many things, knocks over a set of bedpans arranged like a china doll (one inside the other), as he tries to put these pans in the right order (with the doctor's watching) you think to yourself-this is so weird, why is this happening, this is funny, but is something horrible goin to happen. And thats what is terribly frightening about this movie, we never know when something greatly moving, funny or horrifying will occur. I think part of this could be paralleled to the fact that Naughton is an outsider to England. From the first scenes of those horrifying moors we hear the wonderfully eerie tune of  Blue Moon . Naughton and Dunne truly are like Samuel Clemens'  Conneticut Yankees in King Arthur's Court -outsiders to a strange world...This is a great film. I recommend it very highly (if you haven't noticed).
 American Werewolf in London, is a brilliant little yarn about David  Naughton getting bit by a lycanthrope, and turning very nasty when the moon  is full. The film is done in such a way that you feel you actually know the  young Americans, and you start actually pulling for David to be cured of  the curse of the werewolf. The werewolf itself far surpasses any other in  screen history as far as scariness (Although the one in  Silver  Bullet  aint bad) and you will never again hear the Van Morrison hit   Moondance  without thinking of Jenny Agutter. We should all be  so lucky as to have sensual hotties as nurses!  Blue Moon  also  is heard in many versions, and the music only adds to the atmosphere in  downtown London, all the way to the middle of the moors, and who wants to  stop at the  Slaughtered Lamb  for a pint of ale after the movie  is over? It is very close to being the horror hit of the eighties.`It was  to werewolves what  Fright Night  was to vampires. One of the  very best of the horror genre.
 I love this movie I have it on VHS and wanted to get it on DVD and I love Full Moon Edition is great. I receive the DVD  really fast and would order from the seller again in the future.
 Great story.  The producers story on how this all came about and the filming process was very interesting!
 This is a great product.  The description was spot on accurate.  The product is just as I thought it would be.  Fantastic quality.  Great communication.  Super fast delivery.  I highly recommend product and seller. A+++++++++++++++
 I saw this movie when I was a kid back in the early 80's and decided to buy it. I watched it again, and still like it!
 I remember seeing this when it hit the movie theatres, and the audience went nuts with pleasure over both the horror and the wonderful black humor of the piece. The transfers on the video tape, and later the DVD, has been disappointing in its murky transfers, but hopefully the Blu-Ray version will be clearer and sharper than what has come before it. Can't wait!
 This is one of my favorite horror movies. There is some funny parts to the movie.
 I got the video in a short amount of time. It was brand new and I would order from him again. I have nothing to complain about the service was great.
 Finally a blu-ray release for one of the most daring and oddly funny and scary films of all time. Can't wait to see the features they put on it!
 In just one hour and thirty-five minutes one can be transfixed into such a state of movie bliss that the possibilities of any other earthly delight becomes squashed like a lima bean, becomes swatted like a lowly, little fly.  Yes, movie heaven has reached a platform quite unlike anything before or since with the outstandingly gory release of  An American Werewolf in London  on DVD.  Yes, we have reached our zenith, we have made lift off, we will not explode in the sky on some strange, Februaric morning.  The closing of our caskets could never eclipse this movie, art to its height, art for art's sake, Paterian philosophising, even, yes indeed, overt, disgusting pontificating to a degree that can only be described as foul.  Eureka!  I have found it!  Help me God!  I have sinned and the pound of flesh will be repeat viewings of this cinematic masterpiece.  Hail! Hail! John Landis, my earthly King.  Hail!  And let bygones be sitting in the back seats of our El Caminos, endlessly swerving into mini-marts and  gas and sips  across the USA.
 Hollywood werewolves have long been characterized as serious creatures who lope after their victims like an hirsuit Groucho Marx.  The image of this loping werewolf was originally etched by Lon Chaney and succeeding generations of actors merely continued his style.  But with AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON, director John Landis not only pushed the werewolf back down on all fours so it would resemble nothing less than a bristling mobile lycan tank but he also added a much needed touch of humor to force viewers to stand apart momentarily from the gore to contemplate what they had just seen.  David Naughton and Griffin Dunne are two Americans backpacking their way through a gloomy English moor right out of Heathcliffe's WUTHERING HEIGHTS.  They are attacked by a howling werewolf who kills Dunne but merely bites Naughton before it itself is shot by villagers.  This introductory scene in which Naughton and Dunne are banished by an unfriendly group of pub drinkers is an unsettling mixture of creepy fear leavened with biting wit.  It is precisely this same melding of horror and humor that suggests that the viewer engage in extremes of emotions that range from laughing to choking, with the viewer sometimes not sure which one to choose.   Jenny Agutter is a much underappreciated actress who shines as a nurse who falls for Naughton, and cannot understand a radical change in his eating habits as he increasingly comes to prefer his meat extra rare.  Agutter adds an unexpected dimension to a role that in another and less competent director's hands might have relegated her to little more than a fetching piece of English eye candy.  Griffin Dunne supplies visceral humor as a corpse that keeps popping up, like Hamlet's father's ghost, at opportune times to remind Naughton that the price to pay to be free from lycanthropia may be a tad too high.  And then there is the music, played in much the same vein as Simon &amp; Garfunkle's lyrics from THE GRADUATE, but here Credence Clearwater Revival's lilting  Bad Moon Rising  punctuates the eye popping transformation scenes that a bad moon leads to bad vibes.  Finally, the special effects of Rick Baker are stunning in that you can see bones elongating, fur sprouting, and nostrils stretching as Naughton is seen scaring himself as much as the audience.  Ultimately, AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON is a ground breaker in the werewolf genre in that sight and sound combine to present creatures as helpless in their own way as their victims are in their own.
  An American Werewolf In London  is one of those movies you can go back to again and again, without getting bored of it. It is a nice mix of horror and comedy, while being the best werewolf movie to date. Not since  The Wolfman  from the 1940's has a movie about Werewolves been so good. The story starts off simple enough. Two American travellers in England cross paths with a vicious werewolf, one is killed, and hte other survives. The one who survives starts to experiences strange mental episodes, and he wonders if all those stories about werewolves are true--if you are attacked and survive, do you yourself become a werewolf. Director and writer John Landis took his time with the characters, making them believeable and likeable. The dialogue is very well written, with touches of black humor to keep the movie from becomming a standard  bump in the night  horror movie. The special effects and makeup were, for their time, cutting edge. And even today, the transformation scene is unmatched.  The DVD is an excellent package. I always enjoy the commentary buy the film makers, but on this DVD, the two main actors (David Naughton and Griffin Dunn) do the commentary. Their commentary is more like a friendly chit-chat, with amusing anecdotes and plenty of insight. Also included are two excellent featurettes, one of the makeup, and the other is the original 1981  Making of  special. The outtakes reel is the funniest, with one in particular that will make you fall to the floor laughing. You'll know which one when you see it, but in case you don't, it involves a falling  setpiece .  This is one of my favorite movies of the 1980's, and one of the first I looked for when I bought a DVD player. With all the extras and the top quality transfer, it is worth every penny.
 I've read reviews that say that this movie was missed because <a href="http
 This is a masterpiece of a film by an inspired John Landis who takes a topic done dozens of times before--lycanthropy--and adds a little sauce and spice to the kettle. Here we have a werewolf film with adventure, black comedy, a little flesh [both pressed together and ripped apart to bloody shreds], laughs, "oh-my-Gods and even pathos. This is a great, imaginative, inventive film with superb special effects that you will never forget, as I haven't since I saw it on the screen in 81. Starts off with a couple of young Americans backpacking it through the spooky European countryside at night. Love the scene where they enter a pub and are welcomed like the plague. Both leave the place and are quickly pounced upon by a werewolf with one guy getting mauled to death and the other, the 'he-shoulda-gone places' David Naughton [who plays David] surviving only to become a murdering werewolf. All hell breaks loose thereafter, as David falls in love during the day, kills by night and constantly bumps into his 'back-from-the-dead' backpack companion, Jack--complete with mauled & ripped flesh. Great cringes and laughs as with each of Jack's post-mortem apperances he is more and more deteriorated until, at the end, he is nothing but skull and fascia. The scene in the theatre when Jack introduces David to each of his deceased, devoured victims, complete with gaping holes and missing limbs, is a beaut. The transformation scene where David turns into a werewolf in his living room is absolutely ASTOUNDING and UNFORGETTABLE---this is an all-time classic horror scene. Cheers to the special effects and make-up pros here. GREAT film-making by John Landis with refreshing originality and a marvelous, astute variation on a sterotypic horror theme. Sorry Naughton didn't become the star he should have. If you haven't seen this one you MUST before the next full moon. Lon Chaney Jr would have been proud of these guys.
 An American Werewolf in London is a rare combination of true terror and great humor, but, as writer/director John Landis himself has said, it is not a comedy, for many presumed and still presume as it being one-a comedy/horror that is to say. It at times is a very funny movie-true, but it is not a comedy; it is rather a very depressing synopsis when you really think about it. I mean, both primary characters end up dead for Christ sake, one leaving the love of his life in great grief. What's so amusing about that?  An American Werewolf in London is not only my favorite werewolf film with a great soundtrack (as one to play three different versions of one of the most popular oldies song ever, that would easily prove of that belief), but was also one to open up new doors for such horror films that center upon these hair-raising themes. Before it, there was no such thing as a four-legged beast that was seen using all four legs when in pursue of its victims, neither was there such a thing as a film that was this imaginative and this realistic when it came to the transformation of a character turning from a man to such a vicious and grisly creature that prowls the night for "fresh meat whenever the moon rises high in full form and sheds its light upon those who might possibly see it for the very last time. As makeup artist Rick Baker has said in an interview which you'll find on the Special Edition DVD, it's nothing like Lawrence Talbot in The Wolf Man, where they sit him in a chair and do lap dissolves, do a little bit more makeup and shoot some film, and do a little bit more and overlap the two. Landis told Baker that he wanted a dramatic piece that was never done before, and that's exactly what he got. With plenty of cuts, close-ups of different parts of the body, and harsh bright florescent lights, there was no way to be tricked, as it all happened on camera. Here, you see it all; you see the hands as they transformed into paws, you see the changing of the skull, the spine arch, the rapid growing of the hair which ultimately covered the entire body. And what more, what is even more realistic is that, as all this happens to the very unfortunate character which David Naughton portrayed, to his horror, it turns out to be a very painful experience, and why shouldn't it be? If you were to actually undergo through such an experience, if your body was to actually alter into the form of a wild mammal's, just imagine how painful that would be, and Naughton perfectly shows that. He makes you feel his physical agony. It's brilliant; a perfect depiction that, in my opinion, has never been done better in any other film that followed. John Landis was first inspired to create An American Werewolf in London back in the year of 1969, when he was a production assistant in Yugoslavia on the set of Kelly's Heroes. "We were driving on this long road, says Landis. "The traffic had stopped because this group of peasants and priests were burying a body in the middle of the crossroads. It was a criminal, and they were burying him there so he wouldn't come back to cause trouble. This was 1969, man was on the moon, and these people really believed in the supernatural. That gave me the idea-to take the supernatural and place it in a contemporary setting. It was then that he wrote the script in hopes of making the film, and though it was never green-lighted at the time because the studios couldn't figure out how a horror could be both scary and humorous, in 1980, after his success with National Lampoon's Animal House and The Blues Brothers, it finally was, and audiences were amazed with this man's and the rest of the crew's abilities, whose talents winded up creating what has now become the most momentous modern werewolf horror ever!
 I remember seeing this at a neighbor's house when I was only 5 in 1981. Darn, it's been that long? I remember how much I loved every second of it. It may be dated given the werewolf segments seemed too short and unconvincing, but why AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON works so well is 1) Rick Baker's as always spectacular make-up, 2) John Landis' direction, 3) great supporting cast, I personally loved John Woodvine as the good doctor, and Paul Kember as the clumsy police sergeant, 4) the soundtrack, 5) the locale makes the film properly eerie, especially the beginning as  Blue Moon  is heard, and 6) the entire transformation effects given this was some years before Computer Graphics Technology came along. Had this film been made now with that technology anyway it would not have been so great. This film doesn't need any special effects to make it so great. The entire film may seem somewhat formulaic and short, but it all works so well you simply take it for granted. David Naughton's werewolf as originally intended from Rick Baker was to be a biped similar to the Lon Chaney, Jr. werewolf, but director Landis proposed a sort of demon hound from Hell look would be much more frightening. He was right. Everytime I watch the transformation scenes, and the scenes were the werewolf is running amok in Piccadilly Square, it all looks so convincing. Even by today's standards. DVD includes great special features such as a  Making of Featurette , which is disappointly short, interviews with John Landis and Rick Baker, and behind the scenes segments. The commentary by David Naughton and Griffin Dunne isn't all that great though. All in all great addition to your horror film collection. (if you're feeling a little nostalgic anyway) Oh yes, loved the lovemaking scenes 
 Backpacking across England seemed like a great idea for a vacation.  Americans David Kessler (David Naugthon) and Jack Goodman (Griffin Dunne) were having a great time until they got dropped off near the moors and walk into a small pub to warm up and get some food and drink.  When Jack asks about a five pointed star on the wall of the tavern everyone in the pub begins to act strangely.  Not feeling welcome the boys get ready to leave and they are told to beware of the moon and keep to the road.  After they leave the pub owner tells the people there that they have to go get the boys and that they shouldn't have let them leave the pub.  A loud howling is heard outside and the pub patrons lock the doors and refuse to go outside.  Jack and David suddenly realize that they have left the road and are deep into the moors and the full moon has just come up.  They hear the howls and are being hunted and then they are attacked by a creature. Jack is killed and David survives as the pub patrons arrive with guns and kill a large creature that dies and turns into a man....  This movie is just one of the classics of the werewolf genre.  It is well filmed and it has great special effects and some plot twists that are really good and make the story very creative.  To top it off the acting was excellent.  It was a fresh look at the werewolf stories and that is why it as so wildly popular.  I love this movie and it is also one of the favorites of my family.  This is one of the best monster movies ever produced and it will always remain near the top of my favorite movie list.  I recommend it to you.
 This is not your run of the mill horror movie. It is a bit of horror, a bit of adventure and the triumph of love over evil. Two young students are hiking across northern England where they stop for food at a local pub, to find various symbols of the occult decorating the walls. The pub owner is vauge about the source of the objects, but advises the boys to stay on the road and to 'beware the moors.' They find themselves lost in the moors and are attacked by a strange creature, where one boy is killed and the other wakes up in a London hospital, where he falls for the beautiful nurse and moves in with her to recuperiate from his injuries. The first full moon reveals the nature of his 'curse.' Can love triumph over evil?
 AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON  In many ways, John Landis' American Werewolf in London could be considered a sequel to the original Curt Siodmak 1941 version, paying tribute to the werewolf mythology Siodmak established.  But in the tradition of a good sequel, Landis add new flavor to the story and creates a new visual of the werewolf that makes it unique.  Landis combines great location, plot, and special effects to make this movie memorable and a jewel in the crown of the horror film genre.  The story involves two friends on a trip in Europe.  While stopped in Northern England, they are attacked by a werewolf.  David is merely wounded by the creature, but he soon starts having strange dreams and a rather odd visit from his dead friend Jack who perished during the attack.  Jack reveals the truth to David--he was bitten by a werewolf and on the next full moon he too shall morph and prowl the night in search of victims.  It's great how Landis uses most of the same iconography from the original--the attack by the werewolf, the pentagram, the full moon.  But the added elements of David's terrible dreams and haunting visits from Jack contribute a fantastic way to build the suspense leading up to the first transformation scene.  These parts are really great, too.  While being visited by your dead friend in various states of decomposition is unnerving, David's dreams are not much better.  They are expertly devised to build the idea that David is not well and provide fantastic entertainment while waiting for the transformation.  The transformation itself is some of the best special effect work ever.  It's not just a quick scene where the camera pans away and when the shot comes back we have a werewolf.  Instead, we get an up close view of the entire procedure as it is happening.  The wolf itself is really cool and a leap from the earlier depictions of a half man-half wolf creature.  This wolf is much animal in appearance, and certainly more demonic looking.  It's a powerful beast with red eyes, wide gaping jaws lined with razor sharp teeth, and a howl more like a hellish scream than something natural.  In other words, it's a very original and scary monster.  Surrounded by all this hellish bloodshed is a rather unusual dose of humor.  I guess this should not come as a surprise considering Landis has made some classic comedies, but there are a few scenes in particular that will stand out.  I have in mind the one in which David seeks refuge from his demons in an X-rated theater.  It's a must-see scene.  It's a good assumption that this humor is intended to lighten the mood, but it also seems at times to compliment the whole absurdity of David's tragic situation, too.  In this respect David and Larry Talbot of the Wolf Man have much in common.  Both are Americans who find love while in England, both are cursed with this terrible condition, and both don't have much hope for recovery.  But like Larry Talbot, this is what makes the movie engaging.  You like David and you can't help to feel bad for the poor guy.  He's just a young guy looking forward to the start of a full life when suddenly the world around him collapses.  He must face the fact that his carefree life has just come to a crashing end and in its place is death, decay, and despair.  The technical aspects such as the camera work, use of locations, and the special effects combine to create a wonderfully creative movie filled with exotic notions and mystical ideas.  The film succeeds because it hits all the right buttons and is captivating for every second it plays.  There is never a dull moment and it's one of those movies you can watch anytime, over and over without it getting old.
 I remember watching this for the first time and being blown away. One of the best horror movies ever. Definitely the best of it's time. This movie is 30 years old and still holds up very very well! One of the things that makes this movie so amazing is that it has the ability to be a comedy, but it's plainly obvious it's nothing close- it's a horror movie. Just as Landis intended it to be. The transformation scene is just riveting! The performances are outstanding! Honestly, I'm preachign to the choir here, thrown down ten bucks for the DVD, you WILL NOT regret it!
 5 Stars = Masterpiece  I First saw "An American Werewolf in London in the theater, way back in 1981. 1981 was the greatest year for Lycanthrope films, not producing one or two masterpieces, but three! "An American Werewolf in London, "the Howling, & ""Wolfen, all different, but all masterpieces in horror, let alone the Werewolf sub-genre, & I loved it, as Werewolves were always my favorite monster, other than giant monster films.  "An American Werewolf in London stands as my third favorite horror film of all time, behind "Hellraiser & "the Exorcist historically, but I find myself enjoying "An American Werewolf in London, now more than "Hellraiser. That is really saying something for me & this film, as I've watched the film probably fifty times in the thirty years it has been out. This is what truly makes a great horror film, or any great movie for that matter, one that repays the watcher with great entertainment, viewing after viewing, year after year. A movie that you can probably almost recite every line of dialog, & you find your self sometimes spouting off lines from it in a conversation. That is what "An American Werewolf in London means to me.  "An American Werewolf in London is without a doubt in my opinion, the greatest comedy/horror movie ever made. It has terrifying moments of dread & suspense, it has great jump out of your seat scenes, & it has comedic scenes that match the terror & horror of this film, a relief from the tension it builds. It is filled with pathos, comedy & creepiness all at the same time in scenes with David & Jack. Jack was killed by a Werewolf in the first part of the movie (that in it's self is one of the greatest scenes in horror) & rises back from the dead to tell David who was also attacked, but survived, that he will become a Werewolf in two days, the start of the full moon. David does not know whether he is hallucinating or dreaming Jack at first, & questions his own sanity. These scenes are some of the best in the movie, they truly make you jump when you first see Jack appear. They make you laugh with their delicious black comedy. They make you shudder with their eeriness as Jack talks straight to David about becoming a Werewolf, killing people, making others, & that he is the last in line of the Werewolves & should take his own life, so all the victims from previous Werewolf attacks can move on from being bound to walking the earth. There is such pathos in these scenes, that it causes sadness, as the two actors are truly superb in their performances, there is great chemistry here. I really can't understand why David Naughton, who plays David, fell into obscurity after this film, his sad, funny, & terrifying performance as the man doomed to be a werewolf is one of the greatest performances in horror. You really feel empathy for this person. You care what happens to him. You feel his pain. Also a special mention for David's dream's sequences, truly disturbing dreams.  All of the actors in this movie give top flight performances, from the men & a woman at the Slaughtered Lamb, to the doctor who cares for David, to the beautiful, truly talented actress, Jenny Agutter, the nurse who falls in love with David. The end scene is a real heart wrencher. I'm not  ashamed to say, even after all these years, it gets me every time.  The make-up & transformation scene in this film was & still is a landmark, & 30 years latter, it has not been matched, though "the Howling came close. Speaking of "the Howling, Rick Baker started doing make up for that film, but then left for "An American Werewolf in London, because this was his & John Landis's dream movie. Rob Bottin then took over the reins for the make up of "the Howling & did a wonderful job, as he has many times since. I've always liked two legged Werewolves over four, but it is a great tribute to Rick Baker, that he has made the most terrifying Werewolf ever, one with four legs. A hound straight from hell, right in to your worse nightmare!  A special mention has to be made about the soundtrack to this film, one of the greatest in horror! "Blue Moon, "Moon Dance, & "Bad Moon Rising, really add atmosphere to this film. The original music is great too, especially during the scenes with Jack & David. All of sound track first rate, which is so important to making a film more successful!  Anyone who has even a remote interest in horror films must see "An American Werewolf in London, not only because it is the greatest Werewolf film ever made, or for that matter, one of the greatest horror films ever made, but it's more than that, it is a masterpiece of movie making! Long destined to be a film remembered for decades to come!  The Blu ray was great! Though there is some grain in some of the scenes shot at a distance, but the close ups are crisp. The colors are vivid. The sound is great for a film this age. Well worth the upgrade!
 I love "An American Werewolf in London". This remains one of my all time favorite monster movies, a fun, crazy mix of horror and comedy. Director John Landis pulls out all the stops on this classic, about two American backpackers, played perfectly by David Naughton and Griffin Dunne who are viciously attacked on the English moors by a savage beast, leaving one dead and the other cursed to become a werewolf. After that, it's full moons, visits from the living dead, a pretty nurse, and one of the best, most realistic werewolf transformations ever committed to film, courtesy of the brilliant makeup effects guru Rick Baker, who won an Academy Award for his work. For this special edition DVD, there is a great full length documentary on the entire making of the film called "Beware the Moon", which is extremely fun and informative. A great film to own.
 "An American Werewolf In London is an expertly crafted horror classic.  It is one of my favorite werewolf films for numerous reasons
 An American Werewolf In London was a funny, but gory movie that I enjoyed very much, not to mention David Naughton(David Kessler)did a lot of nude scenes in this comedy/horror flick showing off his Manhood, including his wiener and tushy showing David Naughton with even more nudity and even more nude scenes than anyone else in this movie, including co-star Jenny Agutter(Nurse Alex), since Jenny's ta-tas were the extent of all her nude scenes, especially when David & Alex did a couple of sex scenes in the middle of this movie playing the song "Moondance by Van Morrison while David & Alex are doing hubba hubba after Alex takes David into her apartment after David checks out of the hospital in England since David is an outsider and a drifter with no place to stay while Alex falls head over heels in love with him inclining Alex to reel David in like honey attracts a bee, which obviously results in David banging his sexy nurse(Alex)whom by the way becomes his girlfriend before he dies off of course.  The scene where David roams around buck-naked in the forest when he kills and then eats a deer in this film is very similar to the scene where Irena(Nastassja Kinski)roams around buck naked showing off her Womanhood in the forest for no apparent reason in the middle of the night eating a rabbit alive in the movie CAT PEOPLE.  The special effects in this movie when David transforms into a werewolf for the first time are also marvelous too and so are the bonus materials showing outtakes on what the director and producers had to do to get that transformation scenes correct before they were able to do the theatrical release of AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON back in the Summer of 1981.  Additionally, I would have to say that I think AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON was probably David Naughton's best film throughout his entire acting career and this movie was released only a few years after his one hit wonder song "Makin It made the charts back in 1978.  Unfortunately, AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON has a tragic ending to it when David as a werewolf ends up getting shot to death in an alley even after Alex(Jenny Agutter) tells David she loves him and then falls apart into tears after changing back into a naked man shot up to death all bloodied up with bullet holes in him, which made it a shame that they couldn't find a cure or any other solution to David's afflicted ability to transform into a werewolf, but you have to admit, David & Alex weren't a bad looking couple and it was quite hard to not admire the intimacy between David & Alex either, which by the way were my favorite parts of this movie, especially when David got Alex into bed.
 For a longtime this was my favourite film of all time, its not anymore, but it is still a genuine classic film, that deserves a place amongst the greatest horror films ever made.  The reasons for this are threefold
 If your into horror, this film should be added towards your collection and out of all werewolf horror type movies, this is one of the best thats out there. I love this film, it has great directing, a decent story line, somewhat good acting and a lot of dark humor, if you like that then this is a film for you. However, do understand, that this film is wayyyyy different than the TV version film. The TV format movie had a lot of things cut out, so, when you buy this you will get the whole movie even the parts that were not shown in the TV version film..highly recommended!!
 The Werewolf sub-genre is one that has suffered over the years from poverty row production values and destructive self mockery. Like the Zombie, the Werewolf is the poor relation to the endless tales of vampirism and Frankenstein. This is mainly due to a lack of generic tradition in literature and art, but Hollywood has done little to redress the balance over the years. However for a short time in the early 1980's the Werewolf enjoyed the fullest of moons with both Joe Dante's HOWLING and John Landis' AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON thrilling audiences and winning important critical notices. Landis had scored with ANIMAL HOUSE and THE BLUES BROTHERS, and deftly combines the ribald humour of those films with all the horror clich&eacute;s that had undone Universal's output in the 1940's. Importantly Landis's humour is not mocking, instead he gives us an affectionate parody, overflowing with enthusiasm. He is also very aware of the conventions and limitations of the genre itself. The scares and violence come in abundance as does the nonsensical narrative twists. England is both beautiful and eerie, a space in which the age old battle between science and superstition continues to be played out. The film works because of its lack of originality, through its post-modern appropriation of Universal's themes and iconography we have an early example of a horror homage. Wonderful special make up effects by Rick Baker however firmly anchors the film in modern horror seas. Full of excellent British character actors, the nostalgia of the film is pitched perfectly and represents the high watermark of Hollywood horror films for the 1980's.  Universal's 2 disc DVD is misleading. The supplementary features amount to little more than 45 minutes, and the DVD could have easily been presented on a single disc.
 This movie still holds its own, even afer 20+ years.  The effects are great, and the makeup is spectacular!!  Its so nice to see makeup instead of CGI, the computer may have added to the genre, but it has also taken away...but not in this movie!  The plot is great and the scenery in the film is awesome, not to mention the offbeat humor played throughout the movie itself.
 David Kessler and Jack Goodman are two young Americans backpacking through Europe, just trying to have a carefree, good time. On a particularly chilly night, they find themselves wandering across an English countryside and getting pretty desperate for shelter, when they come across a pub called "The Slaughtered Lamb. Not deterred by the graphic advertisement, inside, they find the pub is really quite cozy and atmospheric. Fellows are playing darts, having a game of chess, telling politically incorrect yet totally hilarious jokes... Everyone seems a bit disturbed at first sight of the two American travelers, but things warm up once they are accepted as being completely harmless. That is, until Jack asks the forbidden question
 "An American Werewolf in London was the first horror movie I saw in my life. I guess it was in the end of 80s and I was thrilled then. As was I about ten years later when it unexpectedly came in my hands. Immediately I decided I had to possess this flick because I thought it's a movie for ages. And till now I haven't changed my mind. "American Werewolf is a real horror film in all the meaning of this word and it has the right amount of humor ("Mom, a naked american stole my balloons"). There are some sequences which I consider classic - this is what a true horror movie should be like (I'm talking about the sequence with a werewolf attack at moors in the beginning or about the subway scene or ingenious episode where the main character is chasing a deer in the forest). "American Werewolf looks rather frightful although sometimes it seems John Landis didn't have such an intention. It seems the movie was supposed to be "horror only in quotes and indeed to be fun. But the creators achieved more than they expected - one of the best contemporary (well, I guess we still may call it contemporary) horror films was born.  The make up is a whole different story. If someone tells you he saw a better man-werewolf transformation scene than in "American Werewolf", don't believe this person, he's lying. I have never seen better and I have seen a lot. It's amazing how nowdays they try to make everything with computer graphics and fail because we can always tell the difference between a living person and a computer one. Why don't they just return to good old make up? What Rick Baker (who got an Academy Award for this film) did is absolutely astonishing. Now, 25 years later the transformation scene still looks awesome, I can't figure a single detail which seems out of place. I repeat
 Enter the Bonus Material area then select Recomendations. Go the the second page and press the up arrow on your remote. A small reel of film will be selected. Hit enter to view the the original trailer to Lon Chaney Jr's  The Wolfman 
 John Landis is a genius.  I love Werewolf movies, and this is a great Werewolf movie.  Funny, and genuinely scary at the same time.  The DVD has great interviews with John Landis (Director, Writer), and Rick Baker (Special Effects).  Baker, in my opinion, is the best F/X guy around, some would argue Stan Winston, but some would be wrong.  The writing is hilarious, and the mood is creepy.I love how the movie just abruptly ends.  This is a classic that should be in every horror movie fan's collection.  My only complaint is I would have liked to seen deleated scenes on the DVD, rather than outtakes.See ya,Spideyy
 When two american travelers (David Naughton, Griffin Dunne) decide to traval on foot in the country side of English Moors. When they got attack by a Werewolf, while the another died and another live but he got bitten by the werewolf and his undead friend visit him to warm him about him turning into a werewolf in the next full moon and he`s going to attack on the civilans of London. Written and Directed by John Landis (National Lampoon`s Animal House) brings his best film to date, a modern horror comedy classic with terrific make-up effects by Six Time Oscar-Winner
 As many reviewers have noted, this movie is equal parts horror and comedy and never have they been blended this well and they probably won't be topped.  Director Landis has a good story here and he doesn't go wrong until the very end (I thought the ending abrupt but then again maybe a change from every other ending in this genre was his intention).  The love story was believable and touching and this is important because we care about David and he is truly horrified by his transformation and it's resulting consequences yet, he can't believe it until it's too late.  Jenny Agutter is very good as a working class nurse and Griffin Dunne is hilarious as David's best friend who is initially killed but comes back to haunt the surviving David, imploring him to do the right thing (by killing himself) or else, well, you know. This has been a favorite of mine since it came out in the movies so I bought it with the intention of turning on my teenage kids to it and I wasn't disappointed.  We had just watched  The Wolfman  with Lon Chaney Jr. around Halloween so the little splice of that movie here was an interesting segue to a more modern version. Just the right blend of horror and humor really put this movie at the top of the pile and the first transformation sequence is one of the best moments in horror film history---it hasn't been topped in all these years.  The only false note is the Piccadilly circus scene where just too many gratuitous accidents seems to take away from the truly horrible carnage preceding it.  But that is a small caveat...all in all, a real keeper.
 This is definitely one of my all time favorite movies. I remember seeing it when it came out, a mere teenager, and being completely blown away. I still get a creepy feeling right before the first wolf attack. But, on to the dvd release. This movie is a cult favorite, deserves to be, and this release almost does it justice. Why no trailer??? That is the most troubling thing about this disc. The extras are great, an interesting commentary (even though the actors get caught up in watching as well, resulting in several gaps of silence), and a fantastic interview with Landis. There has been much improvement since the laser disc (I've purchased every format I could get my hands on), especially regarding the sound. I give it a perfect score, since it is the perfert movie, but I'm upset that the trailer is missing. Beware the moon...
 I rarely give a film 5 stars.  Something has to really grab me about it, and in AWIL it's Jenny Agutter. HOw hot can one British woman be ?   Oh, ok. I must admit, the dialouge, the plot.  Griffin Dunne as the decomposing corpse, this is dark comedy at its best.   AWIL came at what i claim is the best 5 years in horror movie history.  Written and filmed in the same era as the Howling, Scanners, Halloween, etc. For you youngsters, this was back before kids shooting each other in high schools and conservative politicial rants caused Hollywood to tone down violent content. And, before CGI special effects poisoned hollywood against conceptualizing and writing unique scripts.
 I was just a toddler when this film came out. It wasn't till I was 10 Years old that i saw it, and it scared the crap out of me! In the movie era of big computer effect(an American werewolf in paris, a phony looking wolf)Rick Baker created the most frightening monster on film, a hugh animatronic wolf that actually scared the audience. And the best and funniest part of the movie was the soundtrack, every song had a  Moon  Theme to it(Blue Moon and Bad Moon Rising) That was a perfect touch to the perfect horror monster of them all, the Werewolf.
 This is the best Horror Movie ever made bar none. From the moment Jack and David get out of the truck and start walking you will be hooked. I originally saw this movie when I was 14, it scared me then and it scares me now. I only wish the long awaited sequel would have been done by Landis and the f/x done by Baker, the computer f/x in that film didn't come off very well in some scenes. I also wish they would re-release this masterpiece in theatres to celebrate it's 20th anniversary, it makes a great video but to see it on the big screen is incredible. This is hands down the King of all werewolf movies, the acting is superb, the f/x mind blowing (even after 20 yrs) and the plot is excellent. No werewolf conspiracy to take over the world, just a murderous beast that has to be stopped. Pure and Simple. Landis knew exactly what he was doing and with this film he did it very well. If it's genuine thrills and chills you want with a dose of humor thrown in to lighten the tension, get this movie. It stands the test of time better than any horror movie made. Period.
 I am waiting for this DVD to come out right now.  I have owned the VHS tape for a long time and I seriously haven't watched it that much.  The reason
 Finally, American Werewolf in London is being re-released in a new special edition. The DVD will include
 I have been looking for this movie everywhere. Waiting for it to come out on tv. Waiting and looking. Who knew It was just a click away. Thanks Amazon. It was worth waiting for. Not that I had to wait long for my order. I ordered 3, 1 for my son and 2 for me. The movie was better than I remembered. It is a great werewolf movie. This is a must see movie. It's funny, scary, sad just all around entertaining. My 2 teenage sons even liked it. That's why I'm giving it 5 stars.
 An American Werewolf In London has everything-Action, romance, suspense, gore, and a kicking soundtrack.  Even though it was made 30 years ago, it holds the test of time amazingly well.  Rick Baker's makeup alone will hold you spellbound but the story is nothing to sneeze at either.  Follow an unfortunate American pair of friends as they meet up with their worst nightmare on vacation in England and by the end of it, you will find yourself pitying the great terrifying beast that is wreaking havoc on the town of London.  In my opinion, one of the greatest movies ever made and much more riveting than your usual horror movie.
 AWESOME!!!!!  That's how I would describe.  The movie is a good one.  I think you already know that.  If you don't, I would suggest to watch it and decide.  It might be a little old fashion for some (and they might be right, I mean, this movie is almost 30 years old), but still manages to impress.  The best proof was my youger brother saying "good transformation! when the wolf came up and screaming "#%!! almost at the end, when the wolf taked midtown London.  Anyway, believe me, the movie is good fun, even for today standards.  Being said that, what I like the most of this edition is the special features.  That's the solely reason why I buy Blu Rays.  Special features.  Extra content.  Otherwise I would just rent the thing.  I haven't seen it all yeat, but only the long documentary "Beware the Moon worth the purchase.  Is a VERY detail documentary about the initial idea, the casting, filming, scenes, make-up, puppets, effects and a lot of stuff that gives you an amazing insight of how this movie came to be.  There's even a very short but fun snippet about the "porn movie on the theater scene.  VERY good stuff!!!  I can't recommend this enough.  Great movie, magnificent edition, awesome price.
 This film is a classic, it was done in the early 80's and for that time the special effects were excellent; and still seem to give some that chill up the spine. I was very young when I went to the theater to see this movie with my folks,  around 9 years old. I remember it really creeped me out; but it had a somewhat comical side to it. I recommend this movie to any horror fan,  and to any one who wants to see a horror flick plus a little comedy with it. I do have to say the ending is a tragic one, but the movie is excellent without a lot of gore.  THX, Kris L. CocKayne
 Definitely my favorite horror film of all time, An American Werewolf in London redefined the werewolf film genre. Setting the bar several notches higher for writing, complexity of characters, and DEFINITELY for special effects, this groundbreaking film defined it's genre for years to come, and frankly, has yet to be surpassed. The Blu-Ray version is a WONDERFUL rerelease, with newly fixed up sound, picture, color, and overall quality. It also includes special features nearly worth the price of entry on their own. I have owned this film in VHS, in DVD, and now, in gloriously restored Blu Ray. This is worth every cent, and I am something of a die-hard "never rebuy films in a new format person. But this movie keeps improving with each newly-minted technological advance, and Blu Ray seems to have nailed the ultimate version down. Perfect color. Perfect picture (minus the unavoidable remnants of that era's film-recording methods). AMAZING sound (and is the howl STILL not one of, if not THE, scariest sound effects, EVER???). Pick this up. It's a wonderful addition to my collection of films, and it will be the same to yours.
 Just imagine - you and your buddy have the chance of a lifetime
 This movie is one of my all-time favorites!!!  WHen I really want to watch a good scary movie, this is the one I watch. Jack's friend who is killed by the werewolf is actually funny while at the same time, he is gory. The werewolf transformation is good in a period of time when they didn't have all the incredible special effects that we have now. What better setting than London and the moors for a full-moon, werewolf movie!!!
 This is a great movie to own, because it's enjoyable watching over and over.  The spoecial effects are astounding, especially for the time, and it has a bit of good humor thrown in at times.  I especially enjoyed the pair of cops from Scottland Yard
 The first time I saw this movie I might have been 8 years old and I wasn't supposed to be watching and for good reason...it scared me for probably the next 5 years of my life lol.  I have always been a werewolf movie fan (as long as it didn't look too corny and had somewhat of a storyline) and this movie has both.  The special effects were so far beyond anything that had ever been done in movie making and it looked totally believable!  Even as an adult, I enjoyed the movie and felt that it could be released in theaters today and would be able to hold it's own.
 Two American friends named Jack Goodman (Griffin Dunne) and David Kesseler (David Naughton) are traveling through Europe as they are in England who stopped by a pub where they are warned to stay on the road but on their way to London, they get lost and both get attacked by a vicious wolf. Jack is dead while David is alive in the London hospital alive, he does fall for a lovely English nurse (Jenny Agutter) and sometimes gets ghostly visits by his now undead zombie buddy Jack who warns him that they were attacked by a werewolf and that David will become one when the next full moon appears as he starts to disbelif Jack's warnings he becomes a monster that murders a few people in London but has to find a way to kill himself or else he kills others.  A brilliant and very original horror comedy thriller from writer-director John Landis! this is a very well acted and suspensful with brilliant animatronics, make-up and gore effects by Rick Baker with Steve Johnson which brings us no other werewolf transformation as done before on film. The storyline is quite good and so is the performances, there's even a nice appearence by Frank Oz. The film is quite gory at times especially that horrifying massacre of David's family in a nightmare sequence, the film does offer a great soundtrack of oldies and a terrific score by Elmer Bernstein. The Werewolf is very realistic and convincing as the film still holds up today and still remains fresh and popular as it was back in 1981 for it set a new standard in terror, laughs and gore much like "Re-Animator", "Fright Night", "The Toxic Avenger and "Evil Dead 2 all did.  This DVD contains a nice transfer and good sound quality with nice extras like audio commentary, Featurettes, Interviews, Outtakes, Storyboards, Production Notes, Photograph Montage, Cast and Filmmakers Bios and DVD-Rom Extras.
 Hadn't seen this movie in a few years (quite a few) and caught it on AMC just the other night during their Fear Fest '08. I taped it and have been watching it with glee every day too.  David and Jack are attacked early in the movie by a Werewolf, David's life is spared by the patrons of the Slaughtered Lamb pub, but now he has inherited the bloodline of the beast, and is the last one apparently and needs to die in order for all the people he will kill (plus Jack) to cross over to  the other side, as they currently walk the earth in limbo. Jack wants him to commit suicide, but David seems to think he's going crazy, hallucinating, basically losing his mind.  As many have stated, the tranformation scenes...especially the first time David turns are really good, there is some blood and gore, but it's not anything like in today's movies. Even seeing Jacks's tore up face in the first scene of him as the undead is not too bad, and he's more concerned about his would be girlfriend going off to sleep with some other guy right after his funeral "love mocks me, even in death I believe was the line he used.  To me there are so many funny scenes in this movie. David and Jacks relationship seems to get even better when Jack becomes a member of the undead....I love his lines when trying to get David to kill himself. "Can I have a piece of your toast? And holding up the Mickey Mouse figurine and mimicking "Hi-Ya, David! Plus his increasing decomposition as the movie goes along. The classic porn theatre scene is priceless with all David's fresh kills sitting there decomposing trying to come with ideas on how David should off himself.  David has an insatiable appetite for people when he turns, and for his love interest the Nurse Alex whom he is frisky for throughout. While at the theatre I spoke of earlier he turns into the Werewolf again and this begins the final showdown outside the theatre that has plenty of action and special effects to finish out this classic.  Very entertaining lighthearted, 80's horror movie that has a decent story and some very memorable lines/quotes to remember.
 When people talk about this film, many speak of the classic transformation scene.  Yes, it was an amazing achievement of special effects.  Don't let that distract you, however, from the fact that this was a highly intelligent take on the werewolf genre.  David Naughton is excellent as the american student come werewolf, and Griffin Dunne almost steals the movie as the gradually decomposing, but generally pleasant, corpse who continually reappears to his friend.  There are classic campy jokes (e.g., when David tries to get arrested as a form of protecting others from his werewolf alter ego) as well as real drama, and an excellent supporting cast including Jenny Agutter who combines great acting and classic beauty.  Stay off the moors!
 All these years later and it still holds up to this day.  John Landis crafted a comedic and horiffic classic with An American Werewolf in London in 1981, forever changing the way werewolf movies, and possibly horror movies in general, are made.  The story, if you don't know it by now, finds an American student (David Naughton) surviving a werewolf attack in England.  Things get much worse though when he starts seeing his dead friend (Griffin Dunne) informing him to kill himself before the next full moon.  Loaded with sharp humor, incredible script work and directing (Landis has never done better), and superb makeup effects by industry legend Rick Baker (many of which still hold up today), An American Werewolf in London is an all time classic that deserves it's legendary status.  With a great assortment of DVD extras, and at this cheap price, picking this up is a steal, and it's a crime if you're a horror fan and it's not already part of your collection.
 From the beginning to the end was excellent. The music played throughout the movie wasnt scary but funny in a scary twisted way. I think it is a great movie
 Received as described in excellent condition and in a timely fashion. I really love this movie! Campy horror at its best!
 Korngold's once phenomenally successful opera, first performed simultaneously in the German cities of Hamburg and Cologne in 1920 when the composer was only 23 years old, is vividly brought to life in this superior German TV production, which was produced in 1983 by the Deutsche Oper Berlin opera company and was partly responsible for the gradual rehabilitation of this three-act opera in the European repertoire in recent times.  Freely adapted from Georges Rodenbach's 1892 novel "Bruges-la-Morte by Erich and his father Julius (under the pen name "Paul Schott"), the story of DIE TOTE STADT is simple
 ...29 great songs to enjoy for approximately l hour & 36 minutes!...Daniel is great as ever...3 songs are duets with Mary Duff...3 songs are sung by Mary Duff only...Daniel and Mary are excellent singing partners...So fun and relaxing...
 This was my husband's Christmas gift.  He has played it a number of times and enjoys each "show".  Fast delivery, secure packaging.
 I bought this for my mother who used to watch Daniel O'Donnell on television all the time and hasn't been able to for a while now.  She absolutley loved it!  Lots of singing and entertainment on this DVD.
 I bought this video for my mom for Mother's Day -- she loved it!  It arrived on time (well before Mother's Day) and she was able to watch it straight away.  My mom enjoys watching the video; she's a huge fan of Daniel O'Donnell.
 I purchased this DVD for my elderly parents who can't make it out to see Daniel O'Donnell live. They light up when they watch it (and sing along)!
 This has come and I order it for my mother-in-law. She likes it very much.
 El Ultimo Tren is a great film - a moving story, with excellent directing and acting.  After viewing so much Hollywood thoroughfare, it was uplifting to see a film with a real human and social message, yet not delivered in a heavy-handed, ideological fashion.  At one level, it is a deeply moving story of friends venturing on a risky journey together to protest the intended sale of a national treasure - a railroad engine, symbol of an entire nation's patrimony.  The excellent script and acting capture the depths of human friendships, with the presence of the boy symbolizing the intergenerational dimension of the issues involved.  At another level, it is about the struggle to maintain national identity in the face of a system where everything is put up for sale.  I really cannot say too much in praise of this excellent film.  My wife and I watched it twice in a row. After viewing it the first time, every other film we had rented seemed shallow and insigificant.  Anyone looking for a good film, outside the mainstream of Hollywood thoroughfare, should see this excellent film.  The acting is so much better than what one sees in Hollywood.  This film is a true work of art.  Five stars.
 "La 33 is the last coal fired locomotive engine in Uruguay.  The owner, Jimmy Ferreira (Gast&oacute;n Pauls), has been hard at work cleaning and restoring the old engine so that it can be shipped to Hollywood for a movie.  Anxious to promote the sale, Ferreira does a number of TV interviews - perhaps one interview too many.  A group elderly gentlemen (The Friends of the Rail) watch Ferreira on TV, disgusted by what they perceive as selling off the national patrimony.  So, they form a plan to steal the train to protest the sale.  This is a very beautiful film.  As the restored antique engine chugs and puffs its way across the gorgeous landscape, the photography is fantastic.  There are some wonderful interior shots of a cafe in Montevideo, and some stunning dawn scenes in a deserted town in the middle of nowhere.  The movie score is also wonderful.  The performances by Argentine veteran actors H&eacute;ctor Alterio, Federico Luppi, and Jos&eacute; Soriano are touching, uplifting, inspiring and at times very comic as the trio who make the cross country run toward the Brazilian border.  This 2002 Uruguayan film won many awards, including Montr&eacute;al World Film Festival award for Best Latin American Feature Film and Best Screenplay, and Spain's Goya for  Best Spanish Language Foreign Film.  Maverick Latino DVD features include English subtitles, scene selection, image gallery, and trailer.  This is the type of film that one may discover by accident.  It then becomes one of the jewels of your film collection.  It's a nice movie, suitable for all ages, very entertaining and highly recommended.
 I enjoyed it. Now I know what the country of south America looks like. I also brushed up on my Spanish.
 While I agree with the other 4- and 5-star reviewers that this relatively unknown foreign movie is an excellent family film, with a great script, beautiful photography and engaging music, I write my review from the viewpoint of a railfan. What percent of the movie was shot aboard or alongside the train? Is the train that interesting? Does the movie portray an accurate account of railway procedures?  Since the story deals with a group of elderly men and one grandson stealing a steam locomotive to keep it from being sold and shipped out of Uruguay, normal railway practice is not an issue. The story takes place over two nights and parts of two days and the lack of a crew change is emphasized by the weariness of the hijackers. While acquiring more fuel is not addressed, the need to replenish water for the locomotive is. Although the word "train is part of the title, the single locomotive is the only piece of railway equipment seen moving at any time during the film. But because of the beautiful countryside through which the locomotive travels, leaving a trail of white smoke and steam, the chase never becomes tiresome. Overall, the locomotive, whether stopped or in motion, occupies the screen for at least 80 percent of the film. The scenes away from the locomotive primarily show the owner and the police trying to decide how to stop the train without damaging the engine. In this story of a patriotic hijacking, the hijackers are portrayed as the "good guys and the police, or at least the locomotive's owner, is the "villan".  This is the only foreign language DVD in my collection, and reading English subtitles is not a bother at all. I highly recommend El Ultimo Tren to anyone, railway enthusiast or not. It is family entertainment that may inspire some viewers to visit the beautiful countryside of Uruguay someday.
 it is the perfect workout for those that have limited space and do not belong to a gym. It was a tad difficult to follow at first but was easy to pickup the moves after a couple of viewings.  I am up to doing the video three times a week and i see a massive difference in how i am.  The instructor is very motivating and the workouts never get boring.  I have been using the dvd for about two months now and i still look forward to putting it in.
 This is my alltime fave video. Tracey Mallett is great fun.  A few observations. 1st workout is the best, although one of the moves requires a lot of floorspace. It will definitely keep you breathing hard.  Tracey really is good at cuing and demonstrating moves, and the video producer actually made sure the camera angles made sense. (Frequently directors get so caught up in varying the shot that it's impossible to follow along).  I love the dancing part of exercise 1. It's fun. At parts it's almost like a music video. Great music btw. Exercise 2 does some tai chi parts/floor exercises, while Exercise 3 involves weights.  My main complaint about the vid is that it seems relatively unstructured. It seems to be a grabbag of moves more than a systematic system fitness. (If you're looking for something more systematic , see Minna Lessig's Balanced Blend) or Denise Austin's Ultimate Fat Burner). Some of Mallett's other videos are more methodical. And in Mallett's defense, the vid is well choreographed.  I gave this as as Christmas present to several people unused to workout videos. This is accessible and fun for all.
 I have been doing two workouts from this DVD a day, 4-5 days a week for the last month.  I have achieved wonderful results.  I lost around 5 pounds and I have excellent muscle tone that I have never accomplished with other workouts.  The video has a lot of kicks, jumps, jumping jacks, and jabs.  It definately gets your heart pumping.  Definately give this DVD a chance to change your body.  Don't turn it off after one workout, keep trying for at least a month.  You won't regret it!
 I'm a fitness professional and have been working out a long time, and I can tell you without a doubt that this is my favorite workout video.  I've done most of what's out there, TaeBo, P90X, lots of Yoga and Pilates videos...this one is still the one I keep coming back to.  Granted, they all have their own place.  Cardio Boot Camp isn't a bodybuilding style workout like P90X, but it's definitely top of the line as far as cardio conditioning goes.  You can do the whole video if you want to, or you can do one segment.  If you have your own routine that you like, this can work into it very well.  I stretch and warm up, then I do a segment of this video, and I continue on my own with strength and conditioning exercises intermixed with short intervals of cardio such as jumping rope or using a step.  It's great, because by the time the video segment is over I'm sweating, I'm warm, I'm ready to go and continue with my workout.  It's intense too.  Though I'd encourage beginners to try it.  You can always stop and take things at your own pace for a while and join back in when you're ready.  It's not about doing a million pull-ups in 30 seconds, it's just straight forward cardio using various kickboxing and plyometric exercises.  That means a significant amount of jumping is involved, but you can always modify if you need to.  Walk in place, do another exercise, just keep moving - that's the key.  Beginners may want to try the <a href="http
 This is grate for Cardio and toning. 3 workouts,each 15mins.I can be satisfied with it. It is very hard for doing all of those EX.at the same time. I'm very sweat but feeling good and can get rid of stress. I have a lot of workout video. This is my most favorit one!!
 I bought this DVD because it had my all-time favorite episode, "High Tea on it, which features Celtic music and a little Irish dancing. Polka Palace Party is a very close second, though. The creators of Backyardigans keep getting better by combining creative adventures for the 5 friends with terrific song and dance numbers. The clarity of the video is so clear it's almost 3-D.
 The Backyardigans are the best kid video entertainment, and coming from a die hard Sesame Street fan that is saying a lot.  I came home from work to an empty house, started fixing dinner, and thought - hmm, maybe I'll listen to the High Tea video.  With no kid around!  After watching it a million times!  The characters are real individuals.  Pablo is hyper and frenetic, Tyrone thoughtful and smart (also a little tone deaf), Tasha bossy and authoritarian, and Austin (who is often left out of these episodes) seems to usually play the mysterious or quiet "other".  Uniqua is the engine of each Yardigans episode, energetic and engaged.  The videos are long
 My three year old grandson loves the Backyardigans. We watch several of the programs over and over when I visit him in Orlando.. This is "MY favorite. Love the music. The voyage to the Polka Palace is delightful! Now when he visits me in Wisconsin, we will enjoy this one together.
 This product is exactly what I was looking for.  The price was great and the shipping was incredibly fast.  This was a perfect transaction.
 I have a 3.25-year-old son who's pretty energetic and doesn't normally stay focused for a long time on most TV shows, but he loves the Backyardigans, and really pays attention.  These things are super well-done - they don't really "talk down to kids, opting instead to put in just enough subtlety and complexity so as to allow the child to discover different things on his own.  The characters are great - varied and unique, and they don't constantly "yell (like that annoying "Dora and that whole crew).  There's a tiny smattering of "real world in the plots (unlike the also-annoying "Franklin") , so as to very gently address certain real world issues, but not go over the kids' heads or scare them.  And the music is fantastic, blending cowboy scenarios with Brazilian or Vaudeville with 50s rock - very clever and original songs, too, straying tongue-in-cheek often into Broadway musical territory (unlike the annoying and cheesy Backyardigans rip-off "Wonder Pets").  Get all of them, like I did, you won't regret it.
 My 2 and 3 year old boys really enjoyed this DVD.  This Backyardigans DVD is their favorite so far (they have the 2 others Snow Fort and It's Great to be a Ghost also).  The music is lively but not loud and obnoxious like some kid's videos. It introduces kids to different styles of music and has great characters whose behaviors you don't mind your children copying. The Backyardigans are one of my favorite shows for them to watch.
 This video is one to have.  I watch my son's face light up every time I put his video on.  I, myself, enjoy listening to the music and watching the characters dance with such rhythm.  My son is 10 months old and is a serious fan of the dancing, color, and music.  I believe the older he gets it will definitely help him with his imagination, and teach him to play and share with others.  If you haven't seen their show, tune in to Nick Jr. and you'll be impressed like I am.
 Very fast and great service I will buy from you guys again. My son is 2 and is really into Backyardigans.
 Love both episodes on this video.  The tea party is great and is much more entertaining than you might think - to me and my son!!
 I bought this dvd for my granddaughter. I've seen it and was enchanted with the little characters. They sing catchy tunes and dance in such a cute way.  This is the kind of fun educational thing that a parent can watch with their kid. Both will enjoy it, as I did.
 My twins love all the backyardigan videos. Love them. They watch them over and over. I have to admit, I get hooked on the songs and watch them right along with them.
 this a great dvd...i even watch it!!!  my son especially loves the instruments featured, learning what a tuba is and what it sounds like, learning about teamwork and friendship.  also, the music is wonderful.
 My son loves the Backyardigan's.  I was DVRing them, but he wanted to watch them on trips and in his bedroom.  So I bought the whole set (10 DVDs).  The characters speak clearly, using proper english.  I think that sets a good example.  The singing and dancing are high quality.  The songs themselves can be a little inane, but it is a childrens show after all.
 when are they going to make Backyardigan episodes available for download, like Blue's Clues? i really want them to be available at Amazon Unbox. it would be a great convenience for us! my daughter loves Backyardigans. 
 We love the Backyardigans. This DVD has 2 of our most favorite episodes. The songs are very contagious, even to my husband!
 The Backyardigans Polka Party is my 21/2 year old son's FAVORITE DVD to watch!!! It offers not only the wonderful expidition of the group as cowboys and girls,but they sing and play music with the wormans!The DVD also offers High Tea,a new episode,The Heart Of The Jungle and Vikings!!!IT IS SO NURTURING FOR OUR PRECIOUS LITTLE ONE'S!!!I absolutley reccomend it!!!
 Love it...love them all.  Disagree about the pace of this one.  Heart of the Jungle is great even though it is slower and you have to own this one just to get the Tea Party show.  It is a must have.  Even if it is just for Polka Palace which is great unto itself.
 My son loves this movie. Everytime we get a new Backyardigans movie we have to watch it over and over. If your kids are in to the Backyardigans I highly recomend this.
 Excellent good story line great musice easy to understand by our 3 year old granddaughter good learing experience about 'out West'
 This DVD kept my grandsons 2yrs to 5yrs old occupied and happy for the entire time that it played. The fact that there were several episodes on the DVD they were excited every time a new one started. This was a great buy, and I enjoyed watching it also.
 My kid loves this DVD the best. He never stops watching when this playing. The music is great and great creativity.
 MY GRANDKIDS LOVE THE BACKYARDIGANS! WHEN YOU CANNOT FIND SOMETHING THAT THEY WANT TO WATCH ON TV, THESE VIDEOS WILL DO THE TRICK!
 I bought this for my niece who has fallen in love with the Backyardigans (and so has her Auntie).  I was having a hard time finding DVD's in the retail stores.  Amazon is the only place I have discovered that has as many DVD's as they do.  Thanks!  My niece loves it and her Auntie is #1 in her book now!
 [A slightly modified version of this review was originally posted to the alt.tv.twin-peaks newsgroup in Feb '99 because Sheryl Lee starred as the murdered prom queen Laura Palmer in the  Twin Peaks  TV series  and prequel movie.] This comedy-thriller stars Sheryl Lee, Jim Belushi,  and Kyle Chandler (from the TV show  Inside Edition ). It is an  absolutely wonderful film that showcases Sheryl's acting in a way that none  of her films has since  Twin Peaks
 I wish I could remember back to how we stumbled onto this little gem.  Very few people seem to know about it.  It doesn't fit neatly into any of the usual categories, being a quirky mix of action and comedy that takes it's sweet time getting going.  You get hints from the very beginning during the bowling alley sequence that this ride will be a little bit different from the usual, and it just continues to surprise when Tony discovers that the slob of a chauffeur is much more than he appears.  Not a movie for all tastes, but definitely worth watching more than once.
 they never play this one on the western channel so I bought it.  I recommend it to those of you who are John wayne fans
 I have been looking for this DVD for some time and was delighted to find it. The movie follows the book fairly well and is a delight to watch.
 John Wayne stars as Hondo Lane, a half-Indian message carrier and gunslinger in New Mexico. He first shows up at the ranch of Mrs. Angie Lowe after getting away from Apache attackers. This takes place in the ending days of the "Indian round-up years, when only a few bands of Apache were left. Hondo takes a liking to Angie and her young son, but soon heads out to deliver the message.  In the meantime, the Apache have always been fond of Mrs. Lowe and had a good relationship with her - and the chief takes a personal interest in her son. He tries to convince Angie to choose a new husband from amongst his braves. She insists that her husband will be back soon to stay on the remote ranch with her.  Hondo runs into the wayward husband in a bar, only learning his name after punching him out. In an attempt to get the husband back to his wife, Hondo takes the man's horse and says that Mr. Lowe can retrieve it at the ranch. Angry, Lowe pays a guy to go with him after Hondo. Apaches attack and kill the paid bodyguard, and Hondo shoots an Apache to save Lowe's life. Lowe repays Hondo by attempting to shoot him in the back. Hondo is forced to kill him. He takes Lowe's tintype of Lowe's son to bring back to the mom.  Along the way, the Apaches find Hondo and are about to torture him to death when the Apache chief recognizes the tintype. Hondo still has to fight - and triumph over - the brother of the Apache he killed. The Apache chief brings Hondo back to Mrs. Lowe, who claims Hondo as her husband in order to get him in away from the Apaches. Hondo tries several times to tell Angie what happened, but each time she doesn't want to hear it. She does end up hearing the truth from someone else, but when Hondo then attempts to tell the boy, Angie refuses to let him do it. She scolds Hondo that his need for the truth is so great that he'd damage the boy's sense of well being and security to achieve it.  The movie is a rather complex story, based almost exactly on the story by Louis L'Amour. John Wayne loved the story so much that he specifically hired a favorite script writer to adapt it into a movie for him. It was filmed to be watched in 3D, so there are several scenes with knives poking at the screen and people standing in the foreground. You might think this would make the movie look cheesy, but really you're normally lost in the storyline or the gorgeous landscapes.  This movie came out in 1953 and for an era that saw many "slaughter the Indians movies, it's pretty impressive in its even handedness. Angie likes the Apaches and has been friends with them since childhood. Hondo is a half Indian, and had an Apache wife while he lived with them for 5 years. You get treated to many scenes with Apaches speaking in their native Apache tongue. Hondo makes it pretty clear that the only reason that the Apache are rising up are that the US government has been actively deceiving them and betraying them. He explains that the Apache are very much against lying, and that he is the same way.  Compared to many other westerns, this does a reasonably good job of showing shades of grey, not just 'Good' and 'Bad'. The Apaches were pushed into the war, but they're prepared to kill an innocent woman who has lived on this land from birth. The settlers are sometimes obnoxious about their desire to get rid of the "natives". In the end, Hondo says that he imagines this will be the end of the Apache way of life, and that it's a shame.
 HONDO is a solid Western in the best tradition of the genre. Based on the story "The Gift of Cochise by Louis L'Amour, John Wayne brings the character Hondo Lane to the screen juxtaposed with his familiar screen presence yet true to L'Amour's spirit of the literary "Western. James Edward Grant's script is impressively sympathetic to the American Indian given the period when this film was produced. Geraldine Page as Angie is perfectly nae as the homesteader living alone with her son in the open wilderness of rock and dust (artistically captured by Robert Burks' cinematography). However, it is John Wayne's portrayal as the enigmatically tough yet unemotionally tender survivor of this barren country that is the strength of this film. The music for HONDO is credited to both Emil Newman and Hugo Friedhofer and their impressive melody for HONDO majestically reflects the honorable and brave stature of the man.
 I was going to wait until this was available on widescreen until I did some research on the web and found out that this DVD is in the original aspect radio of the film, so this is "as good as it gets".  I couldn't find anywhere, where Amazon indicates this.
 I supposed to any John Wayne fan, this movie have to be one of his best ever. To an non-John Wayne fan and you haven't seen this movie, you will be very pleasantly surprise. It proves to be a finely crafted film, well directed, scripted and fill with interesting characters. John Farrow directed this film and he did a good job. The movie was based on Louis L'Amour novel and having read the book, I thought the movie did great justice to it.  John Wayne played his role well although most people will never believed him to be "half-Indian". His support of Indians' position proves to be quite enlightening considering when this movie was made. Wayne managed to bring out his character with skills which often belied many critics who only believed that Wayne can only be Wayne. Geraldine Page is perfect as Wayne's love interest. She's supposed to be "homely looking and I supposed she had to "downgrade her looks to play the part. The movie proves to be well supported by a good cast such as Ward Bond, James Arness and Michael Pate.  The movie initially came in 3-D effect and the VHS tape I owned is in that effect. So everytime I played the movie, I have to put on those silly 3D glasses which create some eyestrain after a while. Good thing the movie is only 84 minutes long. The 3D effects isn't that bad but I thought the movie could have gone without it. Some of the scenes were made for the 3D like the knife coming toward you and such things you see when you go and watch Terminator 3D at Universal Studios. Without the 3D, these scenes looked pretty awkward and weak.  Despite of that, Hondo Lane would be one of the greatest characters played by Wayne. Its too bad that DVD release on this movie haven't been done yet and if it does come out someday, it should be release in its original 3D format with the 3D glasses enclosed inside the DVD container.  Movie come highly recommended for anyone who likes western.
 Hondo is a mighty impressive film. It is that rare western that greatly succeeds on on a technical level, as well as an emotional level.  John Wayne and co-star Geraldine Page have amazing chemistry, and child actor Lee Aaker is wonderful and believable as the little boy. (unlike the many phony child actors that were common in the 50s)  The story closely follows the Louis L'Amour novel it was based on, and that is a big plus. It's a very mature and complex tale that is handled with confidence and grace by a great cast, crew and director.  This wonderful film is yet more proof that John Wayne wasn't just an iconic "movie star, but this man was a superb actor in all regards.  Highly recommended.
 WOW...  I can't believe that for $10 ...we get a great version of  a classic John Wayne movie..HONDO!  That isn't all though...a fabulous "Making Of with some of the main players from the movie and a couple of featurettes on  the screenwriter and Ward Bond...an  incredible package for the money.  I hope this company is going to do all the Wayne re-issues...I believe they did McLintock, High and the Mighty and Island in the Sky...all fabulous transfers and great extras...truly make the movie more enjoyable to  learn about how it came about....  PLEASE buy this...if you are a Wayne fan you'll love it and encourage further grade  A treatments of the Dukes movies instead of the crappy transfers with no  extras we are used to ..  buy it now ..PILGRIM!
 If you've seen "The Searchers, then John Wayne's portrayal of Hondo Lane will remind you in some ways of Ethan Edwards, the angry, "racist lead character in his later, better-known movie.   But they're different -- "Hondo gives its own spin on life in the Old West, unlike the latter movie of Wayne's. Ethan Edwards of "The Searchers is an enraged, hating man; Hondo Lane is calmer, more observant of life in general, given to wise, laconic comments about how to survive as a loner in the West to Geraldine Page's well-meaning but often flighty ranch wife, who is ultimately his love interest in the film.   Ethan Edwards knew the Indians and their ways, and hated them. Hondo Lane knows the Indians and their ways -- he is candid about being part-Indian himself -- and makes no secret of his respect for them. As a result, the Apaches who menace the settlers and fight the Cavalry in "Hondo are portrayed more sympathetically, and with more nuances, than Edwards' despised Comanches. On the other hand, "Hondo tends to idealize the Indians as "noble savages -- Hondo Lane claims in a couple of scenes that the Apaches never lie. In "The Searchers, one might say, the Comanches are at least portrayed as more human and flawed.   Edwards had no pets that we are made aware of -- but Hondo has Sam. That is, Sam consents to travel with him. The fiercely independent, don't-pet-me-or-I'll-bite-you dog, who forages for his own food (I don't need no humans to feed me!), tags along with Hondo, once drowning an Indian who had tried to kill his human friend. The film resists the temptation to have Hondo grieve or sentimentalize when Sam is speared and killed later by another Indian. This seems harsh on first viewing -- but wait. Hondo has made it clear that he is an unsentimental, practical loner who takes care of himself. Sam was the same way. Now Sam is gone, and Hondo doubtless hurt for him in his innermost soul. But we are shown no manifestation of it. Somehow, that's the way it should be in this Western.   The action sequences in "Hondo are even better than those in the later, longer "The Searchers. Wayne appears to have done a lot of -- but not all of -- his own stunts in "Hondo. But he was three years younger than when he made "The Searchers".   Last but not least there is Ward Bond, playing Hondo's long-time trail pal. Bond portrayed only one part -- if you've seen one movie with him, you've seen all his roles -- but he played it superbly. Also, look for a very young James Arness in a small but key speaking role; a year or two later he would rocket to TV fame as Matt Dillon in "Gunsmoke. Wayne reportedly helped him to land the plum role.   "Hondo is an exceptional Western which never got the attention it deserved because the same year, Alan Ladd made "Shane. Here's your chance to see it for the first time, 56 years after it was made. It's well worth it.
 wayne is in fine form as hondo lane, rider and sometime scout for the army. hondo's best friend is a dog(used here to good effect and again in big jake) as the stiry opens hondo is running from the apaches and has lost his horse.as he walks in the desert he finds a farm with a boy and his mother(geraldine page who got an oscar nod on this her first movie)and stays for a little while.he also begins too fall for her,and when he leaves he doesn't want to leave. soon he runs into the womans no good runaway husband and in a fight kills him. now it's up to hondo to protect the woman and her son from the apaches.    at 84 mins this is one great movie that i wish had lasted even longer. wayne and page have great on screen sparks and the action is first rate. not to be missed.
 HONDO.  One of the better John Wayne westerns according to "LIFE AND TIMES OF THE WESTERN MOVIE (and myself) is now available in DVD format. This Batjac production had been a collector's dream for a long time. Years ago I bought a VHS tape that did not satisfy me, but this DVD has got all it takes.  In Hondo, John Wayne plays a cavalry dispatch rider who helps a lonely woman (Geraldine Chaplin) and her son (Lee Aaker) through an Indian uprising. Not a run-of-the-mill, cowboy versus Indians, this western shows a sympathetic view towards the Apaches who are gradually losing their way of life as the white men settle in the Southwest.  Wayne's character, Hondo, who is part Indian is caught in a crossfire when he has to defend the woman and her small boy in a conflict between Victorio's Apaches and the Cavalry.  Hondo is based on a novel by Louis Lamour and written by James Edward Grant. Director John Farrow had to quit his directorial assignment due to another engagement, so John Ford finished the movie unaccredited.  This DVD is loaded with extras, such as interviews, trailers, commentaries, the making of Hondo in the Camargo, Mexico, desert. In one of the extras John Wayne's son explains how they cleaned each frame of the movie prior to transferring it to DVD.  Watching it you will get to know some facets of John Wayne's personality that better explain why he stayed in the saddle so long and how he could fill the silver screen the way he did.
 Hondo
 HONDO is less well known that it should be. It is a good western starring the leading light of the genre, John Wayne.  Wayne plays the part of Hondo Lane who is first seen carrying dispatches for the cavalry in Arizona. His horse has been shot out from under him by Apaches and he wanders into a farmstead inhabited a woman and her young son. She is justifiably worried about the strange man and tries to maintain the fiction that her husband will be back at any time. Hondo sees through this but his direct, forthright and honest character makes an impression on her. It out that her husband has been gone for quite a while and she has no idea if or when he will return.  After Wayne leaves, the woman, played by Geraldine Page, is visited by the Apache leader Victorio. He is impressed by the bravery of her young son and has no personal animosity against the woman but warns her that she cannot stay without a husband to care for her and the son. He tries to set her up with some of his warriors but she manages to resist for a little while. Still, he warns her that her husband must return soon or she will be provided with a new husband.  Wayne, in the meantime, delivers his dispatches and the news is grim. The Apache are ready to rise. He gives the warning and then has a few run-ins with Page's absentee husband. They do not get along. Eventually, it is up to Wayne to save the day for the cavalry, the homesteader, Arizona and goodness and decency. It's a bit pat but it is fun.  The Indians are treated respectfully in this western. Along with Wayne himself, they are portrayed as the only completely honest people in the film. It is fun and exciting and well done.
 HONDO is a classic Western. John Wayne is perfect as Hondo, a man who says just what he means. There really seem to be no truly good or bad main characters in this movie. It's about how they just existed in the West. The photography and music are excellent.
 Hondo is one of the best of the  new  westerns of the 1950's. Written by Louis L'amour, Hondo- the book - was called by John Wayne  the best western story I've ever read.  I disagree with the reviewers who believe this is a  typical  or  formula  western. The fact that Hondo had killed the heroine's husband (and felt great trepidation over it) ;alone sets the movie apart. Some ironies in Hondo are
 I know some of the purest hate the Blu-Ray release because of it being released in Widescreen, and I do understand their point of view. I do feel they should have released both versions Blu-Ray certainly has the room for it and I am sure they already had a usable print of the film they could have used so I don't understand the decision not to include both. However, I already own the DVD of this great movie and I found the Blu-Ray to be well worth the purchase the picture in comparison to the DVD in my opinion it looks amazing, and I thought the DVD already looked pretty good. Again for me the upgrade in picture and sound on Blu-Ray was well worth it to me. I know some of the picture is missing and for some they can't get past that, but with this being the 1
 This is a great western film, fast-paced and enjoyable throughout.  I've watched it a few times, and what really impresses me is that the entire cast actually seem to be enjoying what they are doing.  This transfers to the audience.  This is one of Wayne's best performances and I believe his line at the end where he calls for the wagon train to move out became a favorite of impersonators (something like  wagon, ho! ).  Along with  Shane , this is one of my favorite westerns, and the plots are similar.  However, these are two very different films.   Shane  is a sweeping epic of values and moral dilemmas, beautifully filmed and acted, patiently paced.   Hondo  is shorter, faster, and simply put, a lot of fun.
 This is an overlooked John Wayne movie. Because of the unusual 3-D format, many people seem to forget this one. Wayne is at his best as the tough/tender Hondo Lane. I would recommend this to all John Wayne fans.
 Although not historically or tactically accurate a great enterprising movie. The DVD special features make it worth collecting. A fine example of 3D even though it never caught on. (kinda like Blu-Ray) A must have for a John Wayne movie collector.
 Wish today's actors were more "men men as in the past years!!  Only John Wayne could excel in Hondo, The Quiet Man,  Hatari, for example.  Must admire those like Robert Mitchum, Paul Newman, Bob Hope, etc., who were married to the same woman for many years!!!
 This gorgeous little movie is one of the few Wayne ever did where the story stays true to the Western genre and doesn't insult your intelligence at the same time. (see<a href="http
 Simply put - Honda is a classic Western movie that any Duke fan should watch. John Wayne puts in a great performance as the outcast Hondo who stumbles upon trouble between the settlers, US Army, and Apaches. Not a stranger to troubld Hondo manages to stay alive and protect others in this rather dangerous situation.  This movie contains classic Western scenes - like the horse chase scene where Honda tries to outrun the Apaches, or the final battle scene where the Army "circles the wagons to defend against the vicious attack. The characters are memorable, and the dialogue is quite entertaining. John Wayne is perfect for the role of Hondo. His real man approach to problems is refreshing.  Many other reviewers have provided the plot details. Needless to say the story is entertaining, and even includes a love story subplot. I highly recommend this class movie to any John Wayne fan, or those who like Westerns from the 50s. You will enjoy this one.
 This is one of "The Duke's best performances. He portrays Hondo Lane, a tough loner with a dark past but at the same time a man with high morals. The movie is true to Louis LaMour's book and Wayne does the character justice. The quality of this film is great (It was actually a 3-D picture) and the features are entertaining and informative. Wayne's late son Michael appears in one of the features. The DVD cover displays one of the most famous images of Wayne and it is from the first scene when Hondo walks in from nowhere and into the lives of the supporting characters. If you are wishing to start a John Wayne collection, Hondo is a great one to begin with. Also reccomended
 "Do what you want to do was cavalry scout Hondo Lane's philosophy of life for dealing with people. Lane (John Wayne)held to the notion that showing was better than telling where human interactions were involved, and that lessons learned first hand tended to stay with you longer than did advice given.  Hence he'd give up telling a boy (Lee Aaker...later "Corporal Rusty to tv's Rin Tin Tin) not to try petting a feral dog and let him "do what he wanted to do". He did, and he got bit. And learned his lesson. Lane figured if you did what you wanted, you'd either end up right or wrong. If you ended up right, good for you. If you came up wrong you took the consequences, learned the lesson (hopefully), and wouldn't make the same kind of mistake again. A bit of a spin on Nietsche's "That which does not kill you makes you strong philosophy.    A tough philosophy, but one that would serve one well in the  1880s desert southwest during the violent Apache wars.    This film is one I have long adored, but haven't seen in many years until this new DVD release from Paramount. I remember when I saw it first, where I saw it first, and under what circumstances. Saw it as a first grader when it came out in '53. My dad picked me up from school on his day off and took me to an afternoon matinee at the Plaza Theatre in Greenville, SC. I ate this movie up and, despite some of the info given out by Leonard Maltin and others on this new disc to the effect that the 3D version only showed in NY and LA and maybe one or two other big cities, I know for a FACT that I SAW it in 3D here in Joanne Woodward's home town because I was chattering for  DAYS about arrows and spears flying out at you from the screen,  and about horses almost trampling you....and weird little green and red plastic glasses you had to wear to see it. Sorry Mr. Maltin, I love you as a movie critic and I know you have good sources on your film histories...but you're just WRONG about THIS one!    Great film this, 3D OR 2d. Great performances,great cinematography, great stunt work, great story, great dialog, and...beyond just performances...great CHEMISTRY between the principles. This is one of the best Duke westerns; right up there with Red River, the Searchers, Rio Bravo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and The Shootist. As a six-year-old at it's release I carried away from it two burning images
 I found this movie too be a good character study for the duke.  It made a conserted try at bridging the gap between the white/settlers vs. the native americans/plains indians on how they related on a one to one basis instead of the enmasse scenarios which usually occupy the screen.  It made for a more entaining surprise that what was available for the times in the treatment of our native americans.  I highly recommend it for its simple format and good character study over any of the fight scenes that were shown.  A fine simple approach which is missing from the current lot of movies.
 Hondo ranks among the best of Duke's work and is a classic among classics.  It my be my all time favorite John Wayne movie even though i have not seen it for decades.  it left such an impact with its simple yet compelling story
 I'm a true John Wayne fan. I will collect as many of his films as possible. Hondo is one of his best. Geraldine Page won an oscar for this film. John should have too. They were HOT! I liked the dog too.
 Quality is good, product is what I expected.  Delivery was excellent.  Would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for John Wayne movies.
 Most other John Wayne westerns show the Indians as faceless attackers. Not this one! Cavalryman Hondo Lane (John Wayne), himself part Apache, has a working relationship with one of the Apache chiefs. He alludes to the fact that the US government had broken a treaty with the Apaches.  Hondo gets to know a solitary-living pioneer woman, Angie Lowe, and her six year-old son Johnny. The absence of her husband leads to problems, such as an Apache chief wanting to take her as his wife. At one point, the six year-old shoots an Apache in defense of his mother. The plot unfolds in more ways than one, as Hondo and Angie develop feelings for each other, and Hondo has to acknowledge what he knows about her husband's death. For her part, she has to realize the fact that the Apaches will soon kill her if she does not flee, and deal with the fact that her husband had been a lout and cheat, and how her little son is to remember his father. Dying an honorable death is paramount in that culture.  There are several savage battles shown between the Apaches and the settlers. Only the death an Apache leader will cause the Apache warriors to disperse.  WARNING
 Not only is this a great movie, but the DVD has loads of extras including a making of feature, a commentary, photo gallery, trailers, and more.  This is the first time I have ever seen this movie and being able to watch it on full screen, in the comfort of my own home, without loud kids or loud adults, is great.  Geraldine Page is a good actor and lovely to boot.  John Wayne is, of course, perfect in this movie as Hondo Lane who is the lone cavalry rider who becomes the hero of the film.
 This is a terrific movie.  It has everything a good, old-fashioned western should have.  Scenery, indians and good guys and bad ones.  I thought they would never release it...and am so glad they finally did. Great story...and great cast.
 The best John Wayne western not directed by John Ford or Howard Hawks, "Hondo shows the Duke at the peak of his powers. Helmed by John Farrow (Mia's dad), the film is stunningly photographed, with a tight, trim story brought to life by a luminous Page (in her film debut), the ever-reliable Ward Bond as Hondo's friend Buffalo Baker, and Michael Pate as Vittorio, the Apache chief. Also look for James Arness in a pivotal role- he'd go on to make his career in Westerns on TV's long-running "Gunsmoke".
 I would rate is a 4-star DVD.  I am a John Wayne and a Louis L'Amour fan. I love westerns.  The movie Hondo is true to L'Amour's book, it's almost verbatim. The characters are strong and the story is exciting.  You can't go wrong with a combination like that.  Andrea
 This is one of John Wayne's best movies !!!! Kind of reminded me of one of my all time favorites "Shane".
 John Wayne is the best there is and always will be! A true american icon!
 This is a great movie adaptation of a very good book by Louis L'Amour.  If you like his books & you like John Wayne, how could it be wrong?
 This item was shipped quickly and arrived in good condition.  I have already watched it a couple of times and it plays very well.
 I remember in the very early `90s, Hondo was shown on television in 3D. It was a big deal, and being a kid who loved Westerns, I begged my dad to take me to 7-11 where they were selling the 3D glasses. Well, the big night came and I loved Hondo! After that, I didn't see it again until its recent release on Blu-ray. This is a great Wayne film! I had forgotten much of the movie in the twenty-plus years since I had seen it, so it was basically like watching it for the first time. The picture looks great, and the sound is better than it had been in past home video editions (I saw two or three minutes of it on DVD once, and the sound was not so great).  As for the film itself, the story moves along at a brisk pace and is never boring. There are shoot-outs, chases, plenty of suspense, and even a knife fight! Even though I just bought and watched my Blu-ray a few weeks ago, I already want to see this film again!  The movie is very clean and is suitable for almost all ages (I have no problem with my seven year old son watching it). As a bonus we get an introduction by the always wonderful Leonard Maltin. In addition, there is a commentary track with Maltin and Frank Thompson (Frank has a very good podcast called The Commentary Track that fans of classic films should love-look it up!). Overall, this is a great movie released in a great format.
 I bought this movie for the wife, when asked how she would review it she said  Hell yeah, as good now as when it first came out, And John Wayne to boot. How can you go wrong with John Wayne? I've viewed this movie several times and always enjoy it.  It stays very close to the story line in the book.  Always an entertaining film.
 Good john wayne movie. Love the blu ray quality good story. Hope to see more blu ray westerns especially the good ones.
 Beautifully done.  I would have liked to have seen it released as a 3D movie, like it was originally.  Even as a dual pack would have been nice.
 Maybe I'm biased, but I think every John Wayne western adventure is worth owning.  This one is no exception.  Right off the bat, when the lettering hits the screen, it is exceptionally bright and crisp, something totally lacking in any other DVD transfer I've seen.  I found myself not so much listening directly to the Duke and the other characters, but looking at the scenery that is truely spectacular.  I did not watch it on my home theater system, instead watching it in the bedroom.  The time flew by.  Most of John Wayne's westerns are now out on Blue-Ray, some harder to find than others but all worth the again purchase price to own.  You will not regret getting this.
 Excellent movie and in my opinion one of the Duke's best. It sent the usual John Wayne message of good versus bad. The ending was weak, in my opinion, but the main body was very well done. One of my favorites  Bob leray
 John Wayne has again made a wonderful movie, now available on DVD.  I have never seen a movie that he made that wasn't great.  The price for this DVD was a great deal!
 <a href="http
 this product came as promised and arrived in time for Christmas.  I had purchased it  a little late in the chirstms season but I received it in time!  product in excellelnt shape
 This was one of the first Duke films I saw (back in '82 on Cable TV, not in theaters in the 50's) so it shaped my thoughts of him. He gets caught and humbled by the savage indians and he spends some time in the film talking to a little boy (and the kid's mother). But in spite of therse humble elements of story he still remains larger than life as a character and presence. Excellent cinematography too.
 This is a very good spoof of the Secret Agent type films, Dean Martin does all His usual stuff in all 4 of these films, The story line are somewhat weak but still it's fair for the type it makes fun of. It is worth the price if you do like Dean Martin. Thank U, Jerry
 we are absolutely delighted with the product,the quality and service.And will certainly be back.Thanks heaps Amazon,you fulfilled a dream.
 if you like austin powers then you should get this box set. you will see where it all began.
 in most of dean's later movies he seemed to just be going thru the motions of making a movie and didn't try to act very much and some of his films are hurt because of it. not so the matt helm movies. some how his non acting fits right into the wild far out stories of the 60's super spys. these films are great fun if you like dean ,because he's the whole show here if you don't like him you'll hate these movies.    i read the matt helm books as well as the bond books growing up and these helm movies are not even close to the grim tough little thrillers of don hamilton. like bond the movies go for gagets guns women and far out plots. still i like dean and i like the movies.    the silencers-the first and maybe the best of the helm movies  with great help from stella stevens as his woman of choise.    murderers row- great cast but not as good as the first film. saved by having ann-margret as helms woman of choise here.    the ambushers-the worst of the series with no big name co-stars and dean looks and acts tired of the role.    the wrecking crew- the last film of the series is a return to some of the best bits of the silencers and has the late sharon tate as helms girl friday in this one. this one has a strange feel about it as mrs. tate would soon become more famous in death at the hands of the mansion family. still this showed that she was a good actor and had a nice future in movies had she lived.    all in all this collection is just great and should make super spy fans happy
 I admit to having a great affinity for Dean Martin.  To me he was the essence of cool in the 1960's.  Considering he was 49 years old when he did the first Matt Helm movie, The Silencers, that's really saying a lot about his popularity and influence back during that period.  I Just loved watching these films on TV as a kid.  My brother always preferred the Bond films, but even as a youngster I appreciated the humor and charm that martin brought to his role as Super Spy Matt Helm.  The plots of the four films are almost secondary to Martin's scenery chewing, and that's just how I like it.  In "The Silencers Helm, an agent for ICE (Intelligence and Counter Espionage) is out to stop the usual baddies The Big O from detonating a nuclear bomb and starting world war III.  The gorgeous Stella Stevens is along for the ride as is dancer Cyd Charisse.  Victor Buono best know as Batman villian King Tut, plays a Chinese baddie!  "Murderer's Row is the second Matt Helm film and this time Karl Malden plays the villian role as Julian Wall who has kidnapped a scientist with the intention of using his new device to blow up Washington D.C.  This time Dean is joined by the lovely Ann-Margaret who plays the scientist's daughter, Suzie.  "The Ambushers is up next and there's a lot of debate on if this film is better or worse than Murderer's Row.  I rate them this one a bit below the previous one due to there being no real top name female co-star this time.  An experimental U.s. space ship has been stolen and it's up to Matt to get it back...in-between drinking and lusting after the ladies!  The "Wrecking Crew is the last Matt Helm film and I think one of the best.  It contains a bevy of 1960's beauties including Gilligan's Island's Tina Louise, along with Elke Sommer, and the late Sharon Tate.  As usual the plot of Helm trying to recover a fortune in stolen gold, is secondary to the hi-jinks of martin's character.  Bruce lee choreographed the fight scenes.  Anyone who goes into the Matt Helm films trying to take them seriously is in for trouble.  These were pure, tongue-in-cheek spoofs of spy films and a vehicle for Dino to romp with a lot of beautiful women.  Expect anything more and you will be disappointed.  But if you love Dean's 60's cool then this is a great set to have.
 Dean Martin's Matt Helm was a superspy who never let a good case get in the way of a drink, smoke or lady. My favorite moment in the films is when he's in his superspy car (a stationwagon) and he has a secret bar so he can drink and drive. Where else can you see a character get boozed up on the road and not have to pay the price.  This boxset was supposed to come out on August 2, and then Sony did something weird. Hopefully this will be out at the end of August so I can put it in the collection next to Our Man Flint, Danger Diabolik and Modesty Blaise.
 Okay I grew up on James Bond, Derek Flint, and Matt Helm. So I say it is about time they put all the Matt Helm out together for a decent price. When "The Silencers came out last year for $21.99 I thought that was a bit pricey and I am glad I waited. Don't get me wrong I love the movie, it was just overpriced. Anyone that likes campy movies or Sixties movies should enjoy this set. Fans of Austin Power's movies should get a kick out of it too. If for no other reason buy it to get a snapshot of the 1960s fashion and cars. Dean Martin was a fairly funny comedian and even if your not a fan you have to appreciate the tongue-in-cheek of these movies. These offset the serious tone of the early James Bond movies. If you enjoy these you will probably like James Coburn in "Our Man Flint and "In Like Flint". I'm sure the gadgetry and comedy of the Helm and Flint movies influenced the later Bond movies for the better.
 There's really no way for me to not give this five stars. None of the movies would come close to qualifying for a five star rating on their own, but given the consumer who is investigating this collection, it gets five stars because it delivers all the way.  The movies are comically bad and everyone knows it, especially Dean who nods and winks and deadpans his way through the lot of 'em. Thankfully we are given his "promo spots for the film, promo in name only because Dean rolls his eyes and sarcastically recommends these exercises in farce with as much enthusiasm and droll humor as he executes his lines throughout the quartet of films. In the same cheesy category (and sharing the same musical director in Nelson Riddle) as the Batman movie and series from roughly the same time period, these movies are campy fun from one horribly bad scene to the next. There are plenty of outrageously hilarious moments, at times unintentional such as the special effects of a nuclear missle launch or other attempts at high-tech movie making, and others just plain pandering to the stereotype of Dean Martin - swinger, like the pop-up bar in a car as Dean and Stella Stevens get crushed tooling down the highway.  These movies are great fun and would go over well as a social event as well. It's just a shame that movies aren't made like this anymore. Certainly our culture needs lampooned with such endearing charm as Dean and co. did with these classics.
 In the 1960's, there was Bond, James Bond. Then there was the Man from U.N.C.L.E, Wild Wild West and Our Man Flint...and the biggest Poke in the eye to Bond, Matt Helm.  Dean Martin did four Matt Helm films. These films were all tongue and cheek, all done for laughes..always poking the spy genre in the eye. These four films in this collection have action with so much comedy twists. If you want humor with a 60's bent, this is it.  Martin slick Helm is fun to watch. He essays the Helm role with a girl in his bed, a martini and satire humor (One film the girl is listening to Frank Sinatra-Martin deadpans "You like Perry Como?"). These are cute thrillers will no real substance, but you dont  go to an Austin Powers movies for a real mystery either.  This is spy fluff that is funny and filling. Worth ten stars, but they only allow me five  Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 Finally the boneheads who produce DVD's have comprehended a very conspicuous marketing concept
 This set is a must-have for all Dean Martin fans! I really enjoy the fact that the Matt Helm character never takes himself too seriously. He plays it for what it is - sheer fun! Great looking babes, groovy outfits, and just-right scripting and acting make this set as smooth as silk! Dean always looks like he just had a cocktail in every scene! Sure, the critics will always make the 007 comparisons. However, I happen to enjoy both Matt Helm and James Bond movies equally, and the "Flint (James Coburn) installment of films as well!
 If you like the Deano, you should have this set.  I mean, Matt Helm has a bar in his station wagon, what's not to like!  Sixties movies were the best.  During the sixties, people were not yet aware of the hippie onslaught that was about to turn the seventies into a huge downer.  Get this movie pack and enjoy one of the coolest cats of the sixties.
 If you are a Dean Martin fan, and I am, these vintage Matt Helm movies are a time ticket back to the era when you could smile at undercover work. The same for the old original Mission Impossible TV shows. The girls are pretty, Dean is excellent as Matt Helm and a couple of the movies in this four movie set are...well....quirky a little bit, none the less, I could rewatch them for the entertaining value. Too bad some of actors in these films are gone now, but that makes these movies irreplacable for old timers like me. A good investment for Dean Martin...Matt Helm fans.
 Loved these movies as a kid and loved when they came out on dvd.  The Matt Helm movies had the budget and gadgets of the James Bond films, but were done a bit more tongue and cheek than 007.  Dean Martin was and always will be the king of cool. He plays the charming yet devilish special agent to a T.  While the budgets for these movies were on par with the Bond movies and were obviously done with a more comedic bent, they definitey appear more dated than the Bond movies of the time. None the less, they are still a classic example of 60's action flicks when real stars and men were in the movies.
 Matt Helm movies are pure fun.  I love the sliding bed into the pool.  These movies are about Dean having a good time with beautiful women and bad guys.  I love seeing Stella Stevens falling in the mud in the Silencers.  Sharon Tate was excellent and funny in The Wrecking Crew.  I would highly recommend Dean Martin's Matt Helm.
 i was tickled pink when i received these 4 discs in a beautiful package. the first one i took out and put it in my new bluray player. the wrecking crew . it pops up on the screen and holy crap it's in "japanese did i get the wrong discs? i waited anxiously as i dropped down trying to figure out which is the play the movie section. usually it's  the top one but being in japanese i thought otherwise . anyways it came on in english ,happily i put away my japanese to english dictionary. OMG what a print, perfect, the colors, the music and the beautiful sharon tate.wow.i tell ya for the money this is the best you will ever find.the cars, the settings,the girls .just awesome.the plots and scripts typical 60's spoofs.but i laughed and enjoyed 1 hr 44 minutes of sheer brain numbing, forget the worlds problems & mine and just sit back.take my word for it..it is the bomb.it took me back to my early 20's.
 Dean Martin rarely seems to be more than half awake for these vintage 1960s-era spy spoofs, but that's a key part of their charm. His insouciant Matt Helm plays perfectly against the deliberately ludicrous plots. James Gregory, who plays it arrow straight as Matt Helm's boss, makes you believe something is actually going on, and his unending efforts to persuade Martin's Helm that that something needs to be dealt with makes for delightful comic tension. Call on the likes of Victor Buono and Karl Malden to provide the central villainy - Malden, in fact, plays such a gleefully unapologetic creep you wish he could've had more turns in the role - and spirited performances by Stella Stevens, Ann-Margaret (at her wildcat best), and the unfortunate Sharon Tate, and you've got fun that never gets anywhere close to falling into the trap of taking itself seriously.
 Dean Martin made 4 Matt Helm Spy Films and they all are typical of the 60's... lots of fun and Dean always gets the girl. At times there does not even seem to a plot or script for Dean to follow... he just smiles at the pretty girls and holds a glass of scotch with ice. Put one of these Matt Helm movies in and relax. You will not have to do a great deal of thinking but you will enjoy the incredible screen presence of Dean Martin and his smile is contegious.
 The quality of the DVDs are excellent.  The quality of the movies are supurb.  The set arrived on time and in good condition.  The movies themselves takes me back to a time that was much more fun.  Great purchase and alot of good times.
 I am an old spy movie buff and watched the Matt Helm movies 30 years ago with my dad.  I stubbled across one of the movies on TV the other day and decided to buy the package.  Amazon makes it easy to find the stuff you just don't see on the shelf.  PS - the movies were great..!!!
 This has a Lot of action suspense and loads of lovely ladies from the era of Dean Martin's best days great movies.
 I LOVE CLASSIC RETRO TV SHOWS/MOVIES AND THIS SERIES IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS. THE RESOLUTION IS CRISPY CLEAR UNLIKE THE "KOMISSAR X DVD THAT I PURCHASED A WHILE BACK.
 This set was great. It brought back so many memories of my days growing up. When originally released, I saw all of these corny films during their first week out. I was in love with all of the ladies and still find them hot today. The acting is bad, the scripts are one step above Get Smart, but I loved them any way. This is a must have for any Matt Helm fan.
 If you've a love for camp, if you've a love of sixties cool, if you've a love of pretty women like Ann-Margret and Elke Sommers, then you'll love these movies. Dean Martin was great in these movies. It's too bad he didn't start doing these movies earlier in his career.
 I'd last seen these movies back in the 70's on television.  Was just as entertaining this time around from DVD collection.  Dean Martin as the suave Matt Helm is a character that can only be topped by Martin's western genre characters.  I've seen all of his westerns except for "Something Big which was not yet released on VHS or DVD.  His westerns are all enjoyable.  Back to Helm . . . . these are very colorful spy spoofs filled with gorgeous ladies and Dean's wisecracking antics.  I think anyone with a sense of humor would enjoy these films.  I see them as pure gems from the 60's.  Glad to have the DVD set.
 It's great that the studio's is finally putting out a Matt Helm box set at a really great price compared to the more expensive separate versions.Any fan of 60's spy movies will love this set.Dean Martin's tongue is firmly in his cheek, and the women ,Tina Louise,Sharon Tate,Ann Margret,and many many more,what more can I say.Highly recommended!!
 I was very pleased with the expediancy in delivery and I love the DVD's.  Have only watched the first two so far but they are exactly what I wanted and I was really pleased to have them.  They are real sixties nostalgia stuff with heaps of exciting action and cool "James Bond type gadgets.  Lots of fun!!
 I am so happy to finally see this series on DVD.  My first Matt Helm film was "The Wrecking Crew but I will make it a point to read the book series before watching any other Matt Helm film to get a better feel for the series.  For now, I can only speak of my experience watching "The Wrecking Crew and, although a somewhat cheesy spy spoof, I enjoyed the comedy contained within.  (Friendly tidbit
 These movies are dripping with sexism, machismo and bond-esque energy, while being driven by the lovable Dean-o and a solid line up of supporting character actors, including the delicious Stella Stevens. While the movies themselves can be hit or miss, any fan of the spy genre or 60's Bond films will get a real kick out of Matt Helm and his zany, boozy, reckless and generally non-PC adventures.
 Bond, Steel, Flint, Man From Uncle, don't got nothing on Matt Helm. Awesome retro movies! Must have if you like this type of movies.
 It was very enjoyable seeing these now forty year old classics. Dean Martin was his usual easy going self as Matt Helm, while James Gregory was excellent as McDonald his boss. Well worth it!  Neal Robertson
 I happened to catch Murderes' Row while flipping through the channels. After watching a few minutes I had to look on the web to see what this cool movie was. I then found out about the Matt Helm movies with Dean Martin. The complete pack is such a great value I had no issues purchasing it right away. I liked all the movies except the Wrecking Crew. The British agent that Matt gets paired up with is a clumsy spy and the gag gets old fast. Thoughout all the movies there are beautiful women and some great cars. Enjoy.
 I love these movies. I grew up watching them and now I bought them.They bring back a lot of memories. I would recommend these movies to anyone they would love them.
 this was a great four pack of the old matt helm movies it was a gift for my father and he loved them i even love them
 These films are some of the most fun films ever! Dean is terrific as the super spy Matt Helm! The babes aren't bad either!
 As Matt Helm, Dino does 007 justice. He is funny at his best and always gets the girls. Nobody will ever replace him. Dean Martin was one of a kind and never to be forgotten, at least by me.
 I felt the dvd's were good quality and they were exactly what I expected.  I love old movies and these will be added to my collection.
 Matt Helm movies are not up to James Bond standards. But fun none the less. This set is a very nice set of fine movies. The Matt Helm movies are nothing like the Matt Helm books. Dean Martin does not do a good job of portraying Matt Helm. Dean does a good playing Dean Martin as a spy. Which is OK with me.
 These movies brought out a lot of good memories from the mid sixties when I was just a young lad of 16.  Deano was the coolest guy ever and these movies reflect that.  Good quality films................
 I read the reviews before purchasing and they were right on.  I've enjoyed this set as I new I would.  They're classic.  The set is thin in packaging too.  It fits well into the shelves.  @ $27 bucks this is a very fare deal. You may get it even lower eventually if you're patient like me.  If you're not then don't hesitate!
 My mother is a big Dean Martin fan and and really enjoyed these old movies.
 Loved this DVD!  Showed Dean at his wittiest... great parody of the super agent genre.
 Being James Bond is not easy just ask Matt why he always has a drink and cigarette in hand. If you want to enjoy a spy movie with a lot of comedy this is it.
 Matt Helm movies have been a favorite of mine since childhood. Just love Dean Martin.
 I watched this when I was young and really missed seeing and hearing Dean.. A comedy, musical spoof of James Bond
 Anyone who is a Dean MArtin fan and a lover of the film style spoofs of the 60's and 70's will love this collection. Martin at his best.
 A classic.  Shake-up a cocktail and watch Dean Martin save the world. No one was cooler than Deano.
 For those of us who like campy SPY spoofs and Dean Martin you can not beat this four of a kind.
 "Coming Out Under Fire", a short but reflective documentary based on a book of the same name by the late Allan Berube, gives heed to what is still one of the most egregious governmental policies in existence today....."Don't Ask, Don't Tell". The film, where surviving members of the military discuss their service during the Second World War, is at times empathetic but often maddening. The final exchange between Senator John Warner and Colonel Margarethe Cammermeyer regarding the implementation of this policy ends the film with a bang.  This is a film that offers up how little progress has been made over the years regarding gays serving in the military. As many of these veterans had to lie to avoid persecution from within the military ranks and prosecution from without, "Coming Out Under Fire also reminds us of how gays who serve today still have to keep mum about their sexual orientation to stay in the service. It's a good and necessary film, and I highly recommend it.
 Director Arthur Dong is perhaps best known for his documentary Licensed To Kill, in which he probed the minds of people who murder others for being gay. Though Coming Out Under Fire at least has flashes of humor, it is equally upsetting in the dark secrets that it reveals. Dong shows not only the long tradition of gays in America's military but also their tradition of serving with distinction before meeting with betrayal.
 This documentary consists of interviews with gay and lesbian ex-soldiers in our Armed Forces, and how their sexual preferences had to be hidden to avoid being dishonorably discharged from the services. These soldiers enlisted to do what they could to help their country, which needed them. Yet their superiors and some of their comrades would easily expose them if they were found out, and would have them expelled. What a waste of expertise and experience! This way of thinking is unjust, and belongs in the same category that said black people were inferior to white people. It's downright stupid! This film is a wake-up call for the military to open it's recruitment to all people so that it can operate at top efficiency for the protection of our country.
 "Candy is a poignant little drama dealing with both drugs and a relationship, and more specifically the drugs that affect that relationship.  Heath Ledger gives one of his best performances as Dan, a heroin addict who meets Candy (Abbie Cornish), at first a young innocent girl. Immediately, Dan and Candy become inseparable wanting to do everything together. Pretty soon, Candy is also a heroin addict and the couple are scrambling to get money to feed their habit...Meanwhile, there is their friend Casper (Geoffrey Rush, who gives Oscar-worthy supporting work) who both encourages them to quit, but supplies them when they need any.  Now, I've seen a lot of drug movies, great ones (Requiem for a Dream, Spun, A Scanner Darkly, Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas, Jesus' Son, etc.); But never until this one have I seen a drug movie that could actually convince people to stop doing drugs or to never do them at all. The filmmakers went incredibly realistic for their portrayal of drug use and how it affects people and many of the scenes were painful to watch. The withdrawal scene in particular is agonizing, as is the following "labor scene...All the performances in this film are incredible; Especially Ledger, Rush, and Cornish. The script, based on a novel by Luke Davies, doesn't go for all the cliches that have made up many other movies before it. "Candy is a movie that had it not been such a small production, it could've scored some Oscar nominations...This is a great little film and I highly recommend that if you're reading this you see it.  GRADE
 Sadly I give my review after Heath Ledger's death...I have watched this movie several times in bits and pieces over the past two months and have gotten something new from it each time.  I got the chance to sit and watch the whole thing through on January 21st.  This movie sucks you in and holds your attention.  It runs the gambit of emotions.  It made me cry with their losses; it made me mad they had no strength; and when their spirits broke - well, you'll just need to watch it.  This is a story from a bright beginning down the dark path to an ending that was beautifully perfomed and which put Heath Ledger in the top 3 on my list of favorite actors.  I already miss the movies we will never see from this man.
 Candy is easily one of the best films about people addicted to heroin (or even drugs in general) that I've seen in quite some while. Although the two young lovers in this story are hooked on heroin, they are also hooked on each other and it is through their relationship that we get a very special focus on them as human beings with value and worth and not just two junkies who are difficult to like or possibly even identify with. Extra points get thrown in for outstanding performances by every actor in this movie, Heath Ledger as Dan and Abbie Cornish as Candy are completely convincing as are Geoffrey Rush as Casper, Tony Martin as Candy's father and Noni Hazlehurst as Candy's mother. The cinematography works wonders for this movie and the choreography reflects good judgment. The plot moves along at a good pace and I was never once bored. The script was well written and the musical score enhances the experience quite a bit.  When the action starts, we quickly meet bohemian poet and heroin addict Dan (Heath Ledger) who has a touching love affair with his girlfriend Candy (Abbie Cornish). They are both hooked on heroin when the picture starts but we get the distinct sense that there might be a real chance for Candy to kick the habit; Dan is already much too hooked to be able to quit without professional help. We see Dan and Candy love each other, fight with each other, drop into their friend Casper's (Geoffrey Rush) home for heroin or money to buy heroin, and we also see them alternately trying to avoid or tap Candy's parents for money. Candy's parents gradually begin to suspect Dan and Candy are using drugs when Dan has a trip and falls asleep on a coach as someone is speaking to him at their wedding reception although Candy is too far gone by that point to admit to her mother than she and Dan are junkies.  Unfortunately, the situation for Dan and Candy only gets worse; and this is a great reason why this film shows people why they would want to quit using heroin and drugs in general. Dan and Candy are so hard up for money to buy drugs that Candy turns to prostitution for money; and even though Dan doesn't like that he wants his heroin more than he wants Candy to be only with him.  Dan and Candy try to turn their lives around and quit when Candy discovers that she's pregnant--but will they be able to do it? They're quite hooked and not in any drug treatment program; but wow, how they try hard. Candy's parents continue to be kept in the dark; and Dan has no relationship at all with his parents so they practically don't even know he's alive much less using drugs or about to be a father. There's another question, too--what role will Casper play in their efforts to kick heroin? Will Casper do the right thing and withhold the drug from them or will he cave in himself? After all, Casper himself uses the drug even as he is given a great job teaching at a local university. No spoilers here--watch and find out!  The DVD comes with a few extras; two good ones are a short featurette about "Candy's poem and the brief but very enjoyable "making of featurette.  Overall, Candy is one outstanding movie that ranks very high in my book. I highly recommend this for fans of the actors in this movie; and people interested in the themes of drug addiction, love and the good and the bad that can come with love will enjoy this film as well.
 Reminiscent of Aleister Crowley's novel Diary of a Drug Fiend, Candy is a work of art. Those who have actually felt the gnawing desperation along with the highs of love and drug addiction will appreciate this film for it's authenticity and vulnerability. When one is addicted to anyone or anything nothing else matters, literally. Reviewers using the word cliche feel pretty clever I imagine. However there are no cliches in this movie for this is exactly how it is. The physical and emotional torture these two young actors endured to make this movie should emphasize how important they felt this project was. There are scenes that make you sit up in panic a moment after Candy asks to "try it your way", lean back in a daze trying to keep it from turning into dizziness as they circle each other in a blur, laugh at the pathetic hilarity as they load a washer into the trunk of their car and head to the pawn shop, feel the rush when they kiss as if they haven't seen each other in years or when the hit hits the bloodstream, the fist clenching grief of parents struggling to keep their composure as their baby girl lies to their face, and finally the deep sigh as the credits appear knowing that this is how it must end whether we want it to or not. If you are interested now please watch it. If you understand what I've been saying you really should own this film.
 I picked up this movie because I love the actor Heath Ledger. I was thrilled with this movie the entire time I watched it. It was definately something new for me in the way of a drug movie, but it wasn't completely about the heroin. It was also about love. There was love for each other, and love of the drug. Through the entire movie the viewer is left to figure out which love is paramount.  Heath did an amazing job portraying Dan. And Abbie Cornish did a very good job playing the title character Candy. The supporting cast was also very good and helped tie the movie together.  I will definately be purchasing a copy of this movie because it does say a lot about the relationships people have with each other, and how an addiction, be it anything, can effect them. I learned a lot watching this and it prompted me to read the book, which is also worth your time.
 I absolutely adored this movie. I consider myself very picky when it comes to movies, but I really enjoyed this one. I was hesitant to like it, not a huge Abbie Cornish fan, but I really like Heath Ledger and Geoffrey Rush. This film really sucks you into a lifestyle. If you are squemish about nudity or language, this film is not for you, I however am just fine with those charactaristics in a movie, and could look past them to see the bigger picture. I enjoyed the artistry and the symbolism used in Candy, and over the whole film. Not great for the whole family, but great for someone with an open mind and artistic eye.
 This film is a very bittersweet love story about two heroin addicts.  Bittersweet might not be the word, as it is rather depressing.  Extremely realistic portrayl of drug addiction.  Very moving film with some scenes that are very difficult to watch.  It is a rather errie performance from Heath Ledger it being one of his last.  Geoffry Rush is wonderful as usual. Great cast, good movie.
 I absolutely love this movie! I've seen most of the movies the late Heath Ledger made and "Candy is one of my favorites. The movie takes place in Australia and is about a heroin-addicted couple, Dan and Candy, who are in love. Their addiction not only creates much drama and pain for themselves but for those who love them as well. The movie is dark in much the same way as the 1987 film "Barfly with Mickey Rourke and Faye Dunaway is but lighter. In the end there is redemption.  Abbie Cornish plays Candy and Geoffrey Rush plays Casper, an older man who is their friend, benefactor, and dope peddler. Despite the brokenness of the three characters -- Dan, Candy, and Casper -- they sincerely love each other. Unfortunately, they love heroin more and will do anything from prostitution to theft in order to obtain it. The three actors are Australian. I haven't seen Heath Ledger act in a film wherein he can speak in his native Australian accent. It's lovely to hear.  However, I wish the movie was subtitled or captioned in English for the hearing impaired because for an American like me it was difficult at times to follow the Australian dialogue. The acting is superb, especially from the three. Heath Ledger in particular portrays a weak, vulnerable yet loving character I'd never before seen him perform, with the possible exception of "Monster's Ball".  If you're a Heath Ledger fan as I am, I think this is a movie you'll want to add to your collection.
 I bought this a while ago from blockbuster and finally watched it last night. I was brought to tears by just the opening scene on that carnival ride where the two play like kids madly in love with eachother. After that i was hooked. i think ledger's performance in this was better than in the dark knight. Abbie Cornish was outstanding. She had an everyday kind of beauty to her that made me attracted to her, but this naivety that repulsed me about her. Rush seemed to be in a comfortable role, but perfect and stylish. I felt the presentation was an honest one and sincere to the despairities.
 I don't know about you, but Candy chilled me.  From beginning to end, I wanted nothing more then for the two characters to continue their mad, intense, romeo & juliet style love.  I will not give the story away, but you'll cry, you'll cry and long for the kind of love seen on the screen.  Ledger, who hypnotized audiences with his recent Oscar winning performance as the Joker in the latest Batman movie, broke my heart as the passive Dan.  And Cornish won it as sweet, self destructive Candy.  I will say, that no story of love and drug addiction has ever been more engaging.  The chemistry between the two is riveting and doesn't feel forced.  The story line, while intense, never becomes unrealistic.  You don't get that over the top, "we gotta make you cry feel while watching it.  But you will cry, and you will feel.  And at the end of the movie, you don't feel manipulated.  5 stars.  Wonderful film.
 I finally got the chance to watch "Candy with Heath Ledger (R.I.P. Heath) and Abbie Cornish and I loved it. Very intense. You can't help but fall in love and feel the emotions of these characters as they go through the struggles of drug addiction, love, life and loss. I am so glad I have added this to my movie collection.
 I rented this movie the first time i saw it and i was so impressed with both Abbie Cornish and Heath Ledger. they both prove in this film that they have the ability to do all types of roles. the story is moving but sad and when the movie is over you cant help feeling a little bit depressed. But its a story of love between two people and a drug that completely transforms their lives and themselves as people. If your a movie buff or your just interested in seeing a good movie with great acting, i would suggest it very much. and if your a Heath Ledger fan i would definitely add this to your list of his movies. we should take advantage of the movies he did make since he's gone now. and he gave a great performance in this one!!
 This is an amazing movie. I love how they showed the relationship of a man and woman on  drugs. It showed how the drugs at first gives them a strong connection of love, sex and friendship. Then it goes on and shows, how after a while of using heroin the relationship becomes tainted and and volatile.  Once clean and removed from each other for a while, there is some clarity from Dan about how the relationship really was, very unhealthy, codependent and dangerous. The acting in this if spot on, I dont know how I missed it in the theaters. Heath Ledger was a very talented actor its to bad that the reality of this movie caught up with him. BTW Im a drug counselor, do you think this movie is to vivid for new addicts in recovery?? Let me know your opinion.
 This is a great movie for heroin addicted couples to watch. Furthermore, this type of thing happens all the time - when the girlfriend starts selling her body and becomes a prostitute for dope. However, in the movie she manages to make it out alive, go into rehab and gets clean. But in reality, this rarely happens. So for all you heroin addicted couples, watch this movie and quit before its too late.
 One of my favorite movies and one of Heath Ledger's best performances of his career! This is a must have in your DVD collection.  The plot of the movie keeps your interest from beginning to end.  Story line is easy to follow because it's about a couple trying to make it through hard times, who happen to have an addiction to heroin and their struggle between their relationship with each other and the drugs.  5*****
 This movie is a tragic love story that is worth watching!...with amazing actors and performances and a very sad story.  It tells the story of love and addiction between two people. This movie shows their life together and their attempts at quitting the drugs.  You watch them along their struggle and want to help them out of their problems and get them to drug-free happiness again.  I'm glad I bought this movie.  I seen it before I bought it, and after watching it, I knew I wanted to buy it.  I didn't know how well I would like it at first, but I do like it. But, if you're going to watch it, prepare yourself for some sadness.  This movie also includes one of my favorite actors in it...HEATH LEDGER!!  In my opinion, all his movies are great! I do recommend this movie...and all of Heath Ledger's movies as well.  May he rest in peace!
 From the very opening credits all the way to the final, oh so touching scene, this film had me mesmerized throughout. The story...the acting...the direction...the production values...all are extremely well done. This film is based on the book Candy, which I understand is largely autobiographical (and watching the film, one has this impression). I'd seen Heath Ledger in Brokeback Mountain (another devastating movie), and I must say that his performance here is every bit as accomplished; Abbie Cornish is also excellent. The fact that this film deals so openly, so honestly with addiction to hard drugs, I can only imagine, is the sole reason why it's never gained such wide appeal here in the US. This is a shame since Candy is not merely a 'drug film,' it's incredibly, wildly romantic, for instance. At least the Australians got it as it won all the big awards down under- as it well deserved.
 I received the video really fast, and its such a great product of flim.  The actors, story and cinematography, all amazing.
 This movie is what made me fall in love with Heath. The entire cast is brilliant. Breaks my heart every time I see it, especially the ending. Beautifully written, Luke Davies is a phenomenal poet/author. I can't get this movie out of my head, it's so haunting. Candy's mother (Noni Hazlehurst) is so perfect for her role, and Tony Martin, Candy's father, made me cry. I don't understand why this movie isn't more popular
 i think candy was a great movie it was a little sad but a real eye opener to what drugs can do to a person and what a person would do for drugs. Abby cornish was excellent and heath ledger was great. i would recommend this movie to any.
 This movie is purely amazing. I could watch it over and over all day long. Very powerful and meaningful. I bought the book soon after watching it and the book is a mind blowing page turner. I am in love with both the movie and the book, and you can't say that about many things.
 This is an AMAZING film!!! What a complex love story and the chemistry between Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish is just incredible! Love it!
 Listen - The bottom line is this
 I first became aware of artist Yoshiitomo Nara (<a href="http
 I ordered this title as soon as I became aware of it through a link on "Giant Robot website. Yoshitomo Nara is one of my favorite artists. I loved this journey shown in this film.  It was so enigmatic and provides a fascinating window into the artist's creative process and artistic journey.
 This DVD provides an overview of the 1920's and covers a wide range of topics (i.e. current events, fashion, politics, and entertainment). I really enjoyed it.
 In order to truly appreciate this film, you really need to compare it to another film on the same subject of random one-time infidelity that came out ten years earlier
 If you are looking forward to your typical romantic movies consisting of candle light dinners and dances, don't look forward to this one. This is a film that throws light on day to day life, throws light on people themselves, throws light on many relationships we undergo, Wesley Snipes delivers a very satisfying performance, he does a good job indeed, Kinski and Ming na does very well too, its truely a film to look forward to. Oh yes and last but not the least the dear pal Charlie, how could we forget him, Robert Downey Jr does an excellent job! I was overwhelmed by his performence. One of the most unique films on human relations, excellent score and good acting makes the film worth a watch, definately a film to look forward to. My rating 4.8 / 5
 If for no other reason, see this film as proof of Wesley Snipes' compelling dramatic ability. He proves, as he did in his earlier Spike Lee films, that he is much more than just another action figure clone. The film explores some deep forbidden territory, and made many viewers uncomfortable and therefore (I think), unfair and not objective in their reviews. Just as 'Fatal Attraction' was too close to the bone for some, many rejected this film for the inability to deal with their own feelings around infidelity, homosexuality, death, racism, lust and love. This is not a film for the insecure who wish to feel safe in the familiar landscape of their own backyards. It is a courageous if decadent exploration of the human condition on many levels. A truly fine film that I found profoundly moving. Highly recommended!
 When it comes to this movie, my talent for cinimatic analysis goes right out the window. Yeah, it has a quiet intensity that I enjoyed. It also has some good acting, although at times it seemed a little contrived. The script was good, but also at times it seemed like it had written it's self into a corner. Nastassja Kinski is as beautiful as ever and deserves far more camera time than she get's. Those are all good, but.....the absolute greatest, quintessential, worhwhile reason for owning this movie and watching this movie over and over again is that Ming Na appears nearly naked and is absolutely gorgeous.
 I think it's the ABC movie released onto DVD, seeing as with only 62 minutes it would be impossible to be the first season  When the first season DOES come out however, I'll be buying!
 To The Manor Born is a British comedy set in the late70's/early 80's in Somerset England.  The Grantleigh Estate is owned by widow Audrey fforbes-Hamilton and due to mounting debts, she must sell her beloved manor house and grounds.  Top national grocer, Richard DeVere purchases Grantleigh to use as a home/business location.  Audrey decides to buy the nearby Grantleigh Manor Lodge and settle in for a more mundane and poorer lifestyle, and at the same time to keep an eye on Mr. DeVere.  Petty, but often amusing arguments and romantic flirtation develope between the two.  This tape acts as the introduction to the series and its comedic personas including Audrey's best friend Marjory Frobisher, Mrs. Polouvicka - Richard DeVere's mother, The Rector, Brabinger - the butler, Ned - the estate farmhand.  Great Laughs and good story line.  MY ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE SHOW!!!!!!!!  END
 This is one of the best stretching videos out there, it is very calming and will stretch you from head to toe.  This is one of Karen's earlier videos from 1991, you will see a much more serious Karen than in her more recent videos. I don't think she smiles once in the video, but for me it doesn't take away from a great stretching routine. The entire routine is 40 minutes, starting out with a 10 minute standing routine, then 30 minutes of floor stretching. All the stretches are held for 20-30 seconds, and Karen offers a lot of details and helpful tips for each stretch and also giving options to for deeper stretches. A towel is used to aid stretching for those less flexible. Karen has 3 exercisers with her, one of them is a man who is good to watch for those with limited flexibility. Those looking for yoga should look elsewhere as this is athletic type stretching. But if you are looking for a relaxing stretch video, this is a good one. The music is new agey/jazz type music which suits the atmosphere well.  The DVD also offers some of Karen's walking tips, you will see a more recent Karen in this segment. There are also clips of some of her other videos featured as well.
 This DVD delivers exactly what it states - a pure and simple stretch experience.  The music and the outfits are a little dated, but the exercises are timeless.  I don't look forward to working out, but once I get myself in front of the DVD player, I don't want to get up until I've done the whole routine.  It's that good.  My body has toned up and become more flexible.  I feel relaxed and considerably less stressed.  I can't say enough positive things about this DVD.
 I would do Karen Voight's Pure and Simple Stretch every day if I could. In fact, I'm trying to find time to do it after every single one of my workouts while my muscles are warm. At first, you may be a little turned off by Karen's monotone voice and too serious mood (she has definitely improved her stage presence since this video's release in 1991). And you may also need to work to look past all the high-top sneakers, full-body unitards, pixie haircuts and the strange man in the back whose black-rimmed glasses and slicked-back hair make him look more than a little creepy. But you must look past it. There's a reason this video is still being sold 15 years after it was produced. This is a classic workout that will have you feeling truly relaxed and rejuvenated. Not a single muscle in your body is ignored. It took me a few times to finally feel what Karen means when she says to "breathe into the stretch", but once you feel it you know you're doing your body a huge favor. I've only been doing this for two weeks and have already noticed an improvement in how far I can take the stretches. I convinced my husband to try the 10-minute standing workout in order to ease some tension he carries in his neck, and he loves it too. This is one after-workout ritual that I really look forward to.
 I feel absolutely WONDERFUL after doing this video! The stretching is so deep and thorough. This video leaves me so relaxed and untensed. This will be my cool down stretch after my workout every day.
 I really enjoyed this video. The music is relaxing, it is great for relieving the strss of the day or working the kinks out in the morning. I felt very refreshed.
 I have had two back surgeries in the past 10 years, leaving me with permanent sciatica and the fear of prolapsing a disc again.  Therefore the only exercise I have permitted myself that does not bring on intense sciatica is walking, which while an effective cardiovascular and lower body conditioner, does nothing for my upper body and midsection (specifically the tummy).  As a back patient just beginning to exercise again, I purchased this Pure & Simple Stretch DVD by Karen Voight to get me going.  After drinking a glass of lemon water (half bottled water, half quality brand lemonade, with a half lemon squeezed in and stirred with a straw) for hydration, I put my large beach towel on the floor and started the DVD on the first choice, full workout 40 minutes.  The first ten minutes of standing stretches are 100% doable for the back problem person, then the 30 minutes of floor exercises just need your own discerning modifications (i.e., when she wants you to lift or curve your back during a routine, just keep your back on the floor and do the rest of the exercise, which is still beneficial and non-harmful).  She is a careful teacher, telling you things like "if you want a fuller stretch, extend your leg further but not forcing you, leaving it up to your own ability.  I found the DVD an enjoyable stretch-out of your muscles, and it is getting me started before graduating to one of Jane Fonda's Prime Time workouts.  I found Karen Voight very pleasant to watch and exercise with, she is professional but caring, and the set design was low key and the music soothing.
 We have enjoyed Pure and Simple Stretch on cassette tape for years and are delighted to find it on DVD.  Daily stretching is one of the keys to health, fitness, and mobility.  Karen Voight's voice and manner are calmly encouraging unlike some overly enthusiastic irritating voices.
 The name says it all pure & simple! This is a very thorough stretching DVD - no yoga.  I would highly recommend it!
 Years ago after purchasing Runner's World BREAKTHROUGH STRETCHING I did not think I could find a better tape to help me stretch my body in preparation for/or following a more intense workout such as speedwalking or running. Karen Voight's PURE AND SIMPLE STRETCH is simply outstanding. I consider it to be a rival to BREAKTHROUGH STRETCHING.  It's nice that Karen includes men in her workout. My husband and I are both over 50 and regular stretching becomes more and more important every day. This tape is wonderful too in that it is not too long. It is 35 minutes of careful instruction. Modifications for those who cannot do some of the more advanced stretches are also included. I have found that as a female I am more flexible than my husband. He appreciates that there is someone out there that undestands his limitations and is willing to accomodate him in his efforts to better increase his flexibility. I would therefore strongly reoommend this tape to BOTH women AND men.
 I bought this cd 2 weeks ago, and have tried to use it every day. It is dated, however it does a great job of stretching out your entire body, especially the shoulders and neck areas, which is why I chose to purchase this one, based on another review. It is also very nice for the hip area!
 This is a really good, easy to follow stretching program.  It's not yoga, just stretching.  I do a lot of cardio and my flexibility isn't great.  I'm using this video after my cardio workouts and I've also started doing yoga.  My flexibility is definitely getting better and my hips and legs are not as achy after my regular workouts.
 Dynamic actor Jackie Chan is working hard in trying to leave a firm and strong legacy in Chinese cinema and cinema in general. Perhaps he wants to demonstrate that his talents are not exclusively in martial arts films and comedies, but also in dramatic roles. And I'm happy to say that he successfully does that in "1911 Revolution, a formidable and epic film about one of China's defining moments in its tortured history. Historical movies just don't get better than this.  The film opens with the execution of Qiu Jin, in Shaoxing. She was a member of the Tongmenghui, a revolutionary council that wanted to end the imperial government. We are then taken to San Francisco, on April 26, 1911, when Dr. Sun Yat-Sen (Winston Chao) is speaking at a fundraiser to the Chinese community in that city, in order that money could be collected for the revolutionary army that was fighting the Qing Dynasty. It was thought, we learn, that "overseas Chinese people were the mothers of the revolution. Next, we see Huang Xing (Jackie Chan) commanding an attack on the governor's mansion, in the so-called Guangzhou uprising. Sadly, the uprising fails, but Huang Xing survives and continues the insurrection. Dr. Sun Yat-Sen remains in foreign countries trying to provide funds for the revolution and stop the support of the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers. From then on, we witness, step by step, the history of the revolution that ended feudalism in China and brought down the Qing, the final dynasty in the history of the republic.  "1911 Revolution is magnificently full of historic information, which directors Jackie Chan and Li Zhang were able to condense in the film's 99 minutes. It is a true epic, with overpowering cinematography, astonishing production design and dramatic battle scenes. Joan Chen shines as Qing Empress Dowager (Longyu), who finally abdicated on February 12, 1912, ending 2,000 years of monarchy. And don't expect funny and martial arts scenes from Jackie Chan - well, there is one fighting scene, which I suspect was placed just for the hell of it. This is a serious role for Chan, who does it well. In addition, it is my understanding that this might be Chan's 100th film. The two-disc Blu-ray edition of the movie also includes deleted scenes, making-of feature, interview with actress Li Bing Bing, and more. (China, 2011, color, 99 min plus additional materials).  Reviewed on January 10, 2012 exclusively by Eric Gonzalez for Well Go USA Blu-ray.
 As my favorite Jackie Chan grows old I am glad he takes more dramatic roles cause he is top quality and well worth watching.  Good movie
 This is a wonderful performance  by the multi-talented Jackie Chan. He finds his homeland torn apart by a corrupt and violent dynasty and has no choice to join the struggle for a free China. This 2 hour epic traces the 1911 Chinese revolution through it's many violent and bloody battles and the ongoing political struggles.
 This movie staring the awesome Jackie Chan is a wonderful emotional war movie. The effects are superb and it contains much action, romance, and emotion. If you are interested in buying a movie no matter who you are, you will love this movie.
 I received the item a couple of weeks after purchasing it. Very good movie in my opinion. I recommend it to everyone!
 I won't go into to much of the storyline since many other reviewers have. This was a wonderful movie that tells us that  we should do what we want to do and not what others choose for us to do. I thought this was going to be a movie preaching feminism, but it wasn't.  This movie protrays the society girls of the 1950's and how they dealt with life. Should they become a good wife and mother that everyone expects of a women in this period or become the person they want to be no matter what it is or invovles.  Kirsten Dunst perfectly plays the girl that does everything buy the book, and does things as people and tradition dictate. Eventually she comes to relize everything isn't perfect and some things can not be hidden or ignored. She relizes that a smile on your face doesn't mean your happy.  Julia Roberts was great as a forward thinker. Her personality seemed to fit this role well. Her character pushed people to be happy in what they chose. She just wanted to make sure it is what they chose. I love that she never conformed and wasa  freespirit to the end.  This is a great movie for starting a conversation about what you are, want to be and what you want to get out of your life.
 I love this movie and can watch it over and over. It is a fabulous display of 1950s culture. As a modern woman in college, it was interesting for me to see such intelligent women toss their degrees aside in favour of just being a wife and mother. The character of Joan shows that this is not necessarily a bad thing. She wanted to be educated, but she also wanted the life of a wife and mother. Feminism isn't defined by excelling in your career and avoiding marriage at all costs. It's about being empowered to make your own choices. If a woman chooses to be a wife and mother, good for her. I think the movie did a fine job of showing the different choices women can make.  Aside from the feminism debate, this movie was just plain entertaining. I thoroughly enjoyed it and think others would, too. I like the story and its use of humour. I would recommend this movie to anyone who like low-key period pieces.
 this movie is set in 1953-1954 and tells the story of a teacher and some of her students.  Katherine Ann Watson came to Wellesley College from California to teach art history. Coming from California she has a more progressive attitude about life and feels that some of the students that she begins to bond with are not reaching their potential and are just there to bide their time until they are married.  First there is Elizabeth "Betty Warren-a real know it all that gets married while in her class. She  skips several classes afterward which gets Katherine angry. Soon though Betty's friends realize that things are not going so smoothly with the marriage and she ends up leaving her husband.  Joan Brandwyn is really smart and Katherine thinks that she would make a good lawyer. Joan however is not sure and while she applied to Yale Law, she decided to give it up to marry her boyfriend.  Giselle Levy wants a man. The only problem is that man is Bill Dunbar-an Italian Professor who is interested in Katherine.  Connie Baker gets set up with Betty's cousin Charlie. Things do not go so smoothly though and she blames Betty.  Over the year the movie takes place you watch Katherine and her class grow and change as they deal with love, loss, and art.  Very interesting movie with a great cast.
 This is my favorite movie.  I am very pleased with the price and the short time it took to come in.
 Inspirational for women of today.  One does not have to choose between being a wife/mother/home-maker or a career woman.  We can do it all!
 In Mona Lisa Smile, Julia Roberts proves, once again, that she is the radiant queen of the screen, for, next to great talent, she definitely commands...  Julia Roberts plays the role of a teacher, Miss Katherine Watson, who dreams to make a difference, to leave a legacy that improves the collective spirit of those fortunate enough to be her students.  From humble beginnings, this art historian from California, goes to teach at Wellesley, during a time when women received an education as a side line to the real purpose, which was to get married and have a family. She is not the school's first choice, but the person that was available and walks into a room full of snobbish students, who are out to get her... because they "smell the fear of the prey.  At this private school, she begins to plant the seeds necessary for these young women to see themselves for more than just future wives, and to seek deep inside themselves to release the potential... lawyer... doctor... mother and wife... all combined in a package that is doable and possible.  The students, played by the likes of Marcia Gay Harden, Kirsten Dunst, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Julia Stiles, and Juliet Stevenson... are superb in their roles. The DVD offers special features where there are interviews that explain the arduous work of these young women to study the period of time, early 50s where the story is set, to act, dress, behave, and think like women starting to pursue their individuality, stepping outside the mold that until then, was the prescribed formula to happiness.  Simply... a movie not to miss... for as Julia Roberts shares the dream... to make a difference... she teaches us all great lessons, for to not conform to that which is expected, carries great consequences at a personal level.  Enjoy... and share this film with family and friends. It is indeed... a jewel!
 I"m a huge Julia Roberts fan. This movie is great. It talks about female bonding, trust. If you are a Julia Roberts fan, you should have this movie in your collection.
 Great movie for girls, it is a privelege for girls to do and be anything they want these days.  It's inspiration for people who take things for granted and shouldn't.
 My daughter, who had seen this film and loved it, suggested that we watch it together. I agreed and was very glad I did so, as I really enjoyed this bittersweet film. It is a well-acted, well-directed effort about a free-thinking art history professor, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts), who in the nineteen fifties, lacking Ivy League credentials, manages, through a twist of fate, to get a berth as a professor at traditional and conservative Wellesley College. It is here that she hopes to find herself instructing the leaders of tomorrow.  What she finds, instead, is a group of highly intelligent, young women, who are more interested in marrying the leaders of tomorrow than in being leaders themselves. Ms. Watson succeeds in opening the minds of her students to the possibilities and choices life can offer and learns a little about such possibilities and choices herself. She also finds friendship and romance while at Wellesley College. The film also focuses on four of her students, all of whom are given stellar portrayals by the young actresses playing them.  Elizabeth "Betty Warren (Kirsten Dunst) is the quintessential fifties girl, obsessed with getting her Mrs. before getting her BA. She later discovers that one should be careful for what one wishes. She is also a nasty piece of work who doesn't care what misery for others her poison pen invectives and barbed comments cause. She eventually gets her comeuppance in a way that she never envisioned. Her best friend, Joan Brandwyn (Julia Styles), is a beautiful, highly intelligent, young woman who harbors a secret wish to become a lawyer. Yet, at the same time, she desperately wants to become a wife and mother. Hers is a decision between choices. She ultimately makes a choice that causes Ms. Watson some consternation but with which she is happy. Giselle Levy (Maggie Gyllenhaal) is a young Jewish miss in a WASP environment who finds herself having short term affairs with her hunky professor and with an older, married man. Connie Baker (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a pleasingly plump, pretty cellist who finds true love, only to find it derailed by the ever evil Betty.  Marcia Gay Harden is brilliant in the supporting role of Nancy Abbey, Wellesley College's professor of etiquette and deportment, who, one discovers, has not always followed her own staid advice. Noted British actress, Juliet Stevenson, is outstanding in the small role of Amanda Armstrong, the college nurse and closet lesbian, who is still mourning the loss of her companion of many years. Marian Seldes is perfectly cast as President Jocelyn Carr, whose role at the college seems to be that of keeping the well-heeled alumni and trustees of Wellesley College happy with the status quo. Donna Mitchell turns in a stunning performance as Betty's self-absorbed mother, a woman who is a slave to the expected and puts appearances before her daughter's happiness. Julia Roberts is luminous as the role of Katherine Watson, infusing it with an intelligence and natural warmth that radiates off the screen. Though she has a little bit too contemporary an edge, she still manages to carry the day in the role of the forward thinking professor with the Mona Lisa smile.  All in all, this is a wonderful, highly enjoyable film in which the social mores and style of the nineteen fifties are well depicted.
 My mom went to an ivy legue college during that time.  It helped me understand how different her life was than mine.  The way smoking was promoted then as a good thing to college girls.  The roles of women in school.  The less seriousness with which education was taken with women.  The decreased opportunity and the social norms of the time.  This really let me know about the time period and I saw so many things my mother had mentioned.  I disgussed it with her afterward.  She did not see it.  It helped me.  It was well acted and interesting.  Good character development.  A definate chick flick. They guys would hate this one most likely.  I really liked it.
 I happened to see this movie yesterday and I must confess this was one of the best movie. I guess the reason for it could be that I very much identify with the character of this movie. People who believe that they can change the world will love it.Its a story set in 1950s when the women were newly admitted to college. Its about the social conditioning at that era in spite of being brilliant at their studies how they were forfeiting their careers and how one professor with vision make them realize their potential.
 My daughter, who had seen this film and loved it, suggested that we watch it together. I agreed and was very glad I did so, as I really enjoyed this bittersweet film. It is a well-acted, well-directed effort about a free-thinking art history professor, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts), who in the nineteen fifties, lacking Ivy League credentials, manages, through a twist of fate, to get a berth as a professor at traditional and conservative Wellesley College. It is here that she hopes to find herself instructing the leaders of tomorrow.  What she finds, instead, is a group of highly intelligent, young women, who are more interested in marrying the leaders of tomorrow than in being leaders themselves. Ms. Watson succeeds in opening the minds of her students to the possibilities and choices life can offer and learns a little about such possibilities and choices herself. She also finds friendship and romance while at Wellesley College. The film also focuses on four of her students, all of whom are given stellar portrayals by the young actresses playing them.  Elizabeth "Betty Warren (Kirsten Dunst) is the quintessential fifties girl, obsessed with getting her Mrs. before getting her BA. She later discovers that one should be careful for what one wishes. She is also a nasty piece of work who doesn't care what misery for others her poison pen invectives and barbed comments cause. She eventually gets her comeuppance in a way that she never envisioned. Her best friend, Joan Brandwyn (Julia Styles), is a beautiful, highly intelligent, young woman who harbors a secret wish to become a lawyer. Yet, at the same time, she desperately wants to become a wife and mother. Hers is a decision between choices. She ultimately makes a choice that causes Ms. Watson some consternation but with which she is happy. Giselle Levy (Maggie Gyllenhaal) is a young Jewish miss in a WASP environment who finds herself having short term affairs with her hunky professor and with an older, married man. Connie Baker (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a pleasingly plump, pretty cellist who finds true love, only to find it derailed by the ever evil Betty.  Marcia Gay Harden is brilliant in the supporting role of Nancy Abbey, Wellesley College's professor of etiquette and deportment, who, one discovers, has not always followed her own staid advice. Noted British actress, Juliet Stevenson, is outstanding in the small role of Amanda Armstrong, the college nurse and closet lesbian, who is still mourning the loss of her companion of many years. Marian Seldes is perfectly cast as President Jocelyn Carr, whose role at the college seems to be that of keeping the well-heeled alumni and trustees of Wellesley College happy with the status quo. Donna Mitchell turns in a stunning performance as Betty's self-absorbed mother, a woman who is a slave to the expected and puts appearances before her daughter's happiness. Julia Roberts is luminous as the role of Katherine Watson, infusing it with an intelligence and natural warmth that radiates off the screen. Though she has a little bit too contemporary an edge, she still manages to carry the day in the role of the forward thinking professor with the Mona Lisa smile.  All in all, this is a wonderful, highly enjoyable film in which the social mores and style of the nineteen fifties are well depicted.
 A Female version of Dead Poet Society, Mona Lisa Smile explores the inner struggle between reality and appearance.  Truly a marvelous film.  Julia Robert proves once again why she is one of the most beloved actresses.  She radiates genuinity and life in her role as a liberal teacher in a conservative school.   Mona Lisa Smile is a simple film, focused mostly on story-line and acting-- echoing the impact and sentiment of the classics.  Perhaps to truly appreciate this film, one must do as Julia Roberts instructs her students--  See past the paint... let us open our minds to a new idea. 
 AS USUAL JULIA ROBERTS PREFORMING HER PART LIKE NO OTHER ACTRESS COULD. COULDN'T BE MORE SATIFIED WOULD DEFINELY RECCOMD THIS
 Fresh out of graduate school in California, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts) lands her dream job
 My daughter, who had seen this film and loved it, suggested that we watch it together. I agreed and was very glad I did so, as I really enjoyed this bittersweet  film. It is a well-acted, well-directed effort about a free-thinking art history professor, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts), who in the nineteen fifties, lacking Ivy League credentials, manages, through a twist of fate,  to get a berth as a professor at traditional and conservative Wellesley College. It is here that she hopes to find herself instructing the leaders of tomorrow. What she finds, instead, is a group of highly intelligent,  young women, who are more interested in marrying the leaders of tomorrow than in being leaders themselves. Ms. Watson succeeds in opening the minds of her students to the possibilities and choices life can offer and learns a little about such possibilities and choices herself.  She also finds friendship and romance while at Wellesley College.  The film also focuses on four of her students, all of whom are given stellar portrayals by the young actresses playing them.  Elizabeth  Betty  Warren (Kirsten Dunst) is the quintessential fifties girl, obsessed with getting her Mrs. before getting her BA. She later discovers that one should be careful for what one wishes. She is also a nasty piece of work who doesn't care what misery for others her poison pen invectives and barbed comments cause. She eventually gets her comeuppance in a way that she never envisioned. Her best friend, Joan Brandwyn (Julia Styles), is a beautiful, highly intelligent, young woman who harbors a secret wish to become a lawyer. Yet, at the same time, she desperately wants to become a wife and mother. Hers is a decision between choices. She ultimately makes a choice that causes Ms. Watson some consternation but with which she is happy. Giselle Levy (Maggie Gyllenhaal) is a young Jewish miss in a WASP environment who finds herself having short term affairs with her hunky professor and with an older, married man. Connie Baker (Ginnifer Goodwin) is a pleasingly plump, pretty cellist who finds true love, only to find it derailed by the ever evil Betty.  Marcia Gay Harden is brilliant in the supporting role of  Nancy Abbey, Wellesley College's professor of etiquette and deportment, who, one discovers, has not always followed her own staid advice. Noted British actress, Juliet Stevenson, is outstanding in the small role of Amanda Armstrong, the college nurse and closet lesbian, who is still mourning the loss of her companion of many years. Marian Seldes is perfectly cast as President Jocelyn Carr, whose role at the college seems to be that of keeping the well-heeled alumni and trustees of Wellesley College happy with the status quo.  Donna Mitchell turns in a stunning performance as Betty's self-absorbed mother, a woman who is a slave to the expected and puts appearances before her daughter's happiness. Julia Roberts is luminous as the role of Katherine Watson, infusing it with an intelligence and natural warmth that radiates off the screen. Though she has a little bit too contemporary an edge, she still manages to carry the day in the role of the forward thinking professor with the Mona Lisa smile. All in all, this is a wonderful, highly enjoyable film in which the social mores and style of the nineteen fifties are well depicted.
 This is a great "chick flick movie, one I've watched many times already.  When I first watched it, the film brought back painful memories. I can see how my mother, who came from a family of career women (although typical "female professions such as School Teacher and Nurse), was frustrated at being shoved into the box of housewife and mother. She was never happy in that role, and after seeing this movie, I can see what tremendous pressure women were under back in the 1950's to conform. When she got married, my mother gave up a job she enjoyed because my father and society expected her to do so.  My mother did not get a college education because my grandfather did not think it was worth educating girls; her brother got the college education. Seeing these bright college girls in the movie was sad, because you knew almost all of them would never use what they learned.  I went to college in the 1970's and was still getting ribbed by older men as getting my "MRS Degree, snicker, snicker. I never found that joke funny and I still don't. This movie gives the origin of that attitude that still is prevalent today. A college educated woman is still not worth what a college educated man is; otherwise, women's salaries would be on equal par with men's in all professions.  The superb costumes and hairstyles reflect the period and were historically accurate, except Julia Roberts' hair seemed a bit too contemporary at times. Yes, she was portrayed as a Bohemian Feminist from California, but her hair and makeup lacked that fifties Bohemian look. (Note Audrey Hepburn's Hair and Makeup in 1957's "Funny Face.")   The soundtrack was also excellent, reflecting the time period and popular music of the 1950's.  I would LOVE to see a sequel, featuring all the same characters 10-11 years later, around 1963-64. That was such a turbulent year, and I'd love to see how these characters were affected by the political changes and climate of that time.
 I was very pleased with how this movie turned out (except the whole Bill situation could have been taken out. it didn't really match her ideals really..). When I saw previews for it, I knew at once I wanted to see it but was afraid Hollywood would ruin it. On the contrary, I was very moved. I was really impressed how they addressed what is expected from all women, but also how all women are DIFFERENT. On one hand, there is Katherine Watson who believes women should not simply get married and have children, that there is "more to life than motherhood.  On the other hand, there is the university and most of its faculty and students who believe the opposite. And then there are the very few (or maybe one) in between who believe in possibilities... Though the character Katherine Watson has a noble agenda to change the rigid motherly ideals of the school, she has simply fled to the opposite extreme with rigid academic ideals. Though this movie takes place in the 1950's, these themes are NOT irrelevent. Take it from a college girl herself (and many of my friends) - many of these expectations and pressures still exist in different forms. Replace Katherine with your high school, your peers, and your parents, and replace the Wellesley of the 1950s with your grandmothers, your aunts, your friends and you have MY life with a seemingly opposite but very similar struggle. Therefore, I give this movie 5 stars. It realistically depicts the struggle that can still be seen in many women's lives today, but does not provide a cop-out answer for the masses. Like the analogy in the film of the paint-by-number sets, women are not cookie cutter shapes! All the actresses in this movie did a wonderful job. Julia Stiles, Julia Roberts, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and more.. I was easily able to relate to these characters, and their development is exceptionally interesting. This film holds much significance to those of us women who have lived it out in one way or another.
 This is a really eye-opening film. Instead of women being mere cheerleaders from the sidelines, the teacher challenges their education and encourages them to apply it. Back then women went to school to become better conversation partners for their husbands (and to be a better hostess for her husbands' friends), impress their families, etc...but still stayed at home and was still judged on her ability to keep it clean, have children and be faithful and a good parent (even if the husband was not). In the social (pecking) order or hierarchy, femininity still meant playing the doll, and marriage was a trap for reasons other than true love. Essentially women can do almost anything a man can, even be in business, leaders and soldiers. Arguments about representing only the majority leads to being artificially handicapped (disabled and disarmed). There are inner natural abilities and the outer, aesthetic stereotypical/traditional gender roles a society or culture imposes upon oneself. Which do you choose?
 Exquisite!  Truly a must see for all women age 13 and over, and for the men who love them.  A moving,  sophisticated, meaningful, and notable look at women and the complexities of women's issues in the 1950's, which are still highly relevant today.  The acting is compelling; the script is intelligent; and the cinematography, sets, and costume design are enchanting.  See it and gain a new appreciation of your mother or grandmother.  Enjoy!
 I could see why some people would and wouldn't like this movie. But for me, I absolutely loved it. It was inspiring, and wonderful, and yes, even though Kirsten Dunst's character was a bit confusing, I thought it was a very good movie overrall. You don't get to see many teachers try and change their students's life around. It's all about textbooks and following the directions to the exact point. But I thought Julia Roberts, was perfect for the role and she pulled it out perfectly. But with that being said, there were also some glitches. It was surprising that there was a lesbian in the film and that Kirsten Dunsts's character was so unkind to Julia Roberts and towards the last 10 minutes of it them being good friends! (they didn't even have any apologies just of them going on with their lives.) That could have been handled a bit better. But overall, I was happy with it. You should definitely rent it first rather then buy it. You should do that with any movie anyways.
 mona lisa smile was a pretty good movie. that has alot of great actresses.
 It was amazing and captivating and the cast was just unbelivable. It just worth the time.. It's just amazing
 Set in the mid 1950s - Julia Roberts plays Katherine Ann Watson , a fresh out of college graduate who manages to get a job at a very prestigious private girls college , as an art history teacher. There she sets out to teach the girls to see life in a whole new way , while coming up against the school establishment. Alongside Roberts stars Kirsten Dunst as Betty Warren the insecure , 'bitchy' debutante , who rejects Miss Watsons ideas (until the end where she shows a whole new side to her character) , Maggie Gyllenhall as the 'free spirited' Giselle Levy-the token Jewish girl in an all wasp college , Julia Styles as the pretty and high achieving Joan Brandwyn , and Ginnifer Goodwyn as the good natured Connie Baker. All the girls are through their trials and tribulations looking for love and a place in the circle of life. It is as much about the girls as it is about the teacher , as their lives are shaped in a new way. Unlike most feminist movies , it has a balanced message , recognizing that a girl must follow her heart , and if she wants to raise a family as her mission , that is also OK! The storyline itself was not what made this movie unforgettable , it was the characters , and the excellent acting that ensured there was never a dull moment
 Long before women's liberation ever existed, there were women of independent minds.  This story is one of such courage to be an independent woman when after being a vital part of the industrial effort of WWII.  The government was trying to make her subservient again.  Most women go along with the 'grand design' like bleating sheep going to slaughter.  There are those who see through charade and wonder if it is a good personal fit.  Others revolt, speak out and run against the grain.  When it a collegiate professor who leads the revolt, there is trouble at all levels.  Trouble with the college administration who employs her, trouble with students who are seeing the first challenge of the entrenched system they have followed until this point of their young lives.  The genie is out of the bottle and this time she just will not go back in!  I thought it was a great fiction story based in a reality we all lived through if you were born immediately after the war.  It was a great look back at the 'garbage' the government tried to indoctrinate.  It was the stuff my mother went through.  The government's and societies design clearly backfired and this story tells of just one spark that lit the fire!  If you like finding out how things got to be the way they are, this is a story for you!  Bring your brains and be prepared to ponder issues of deep consequence.  This is not a mindless situational comedy for the thumb sucking TV watchers which are just looking for "something to watch or "mindless entertainment of a reality programs.  I find myself thinking about this story frequently months after I have seen it.  Great buy!  Great story!  Great issues!  Great remembrances!  Great look back!
 I loved this movie to death. It really had me wanting to cry at times, laugh at times, and scream at times and that to me defines the perfect movie.  In the movie Katherine Watson (Roberts) comes to teach at Wellesley College for girls and brings with her a liberal prospective on female rights. When she starts teaching the girls that their standards of being a housewife are wrong she faces some harsh comments mainly from Betty Jones (Dunst) but she also finds acceptance with some of the girls. At the end it finally has some sort of resoultion to the Katherine and Betty fued because Betty realizes she has more potential than what she thought.  I liked the way we got to see bits and pieces of the girls lives but mainly Katherine's because that made you feel all the more connected to the girls. If you want a movie that will make you feel happy to be a woman now days this is it.  Penny Lane
 (SOME MINOR SPOILERS BELOW; ALSO SPOILERS FOR DPS)  ...but I love this film. I've read most of the negative reviews both here and on IMDB, and I can't help but agree with many of the criticisms, particularly where time-period and anachronistic elements are concerned. I know that every 1950's clich&eacute; is at maximum wattage and Katherine Watson arrives at Wellesley College not on a train but in a Way-Back Time Machine from the 21st Century. Many of the main characters are one-dimensional and unconvincing and the plot is plodding and predictable. I'm as baffled as many of the critics are that some fans have gone so far as to compare it to "Dead Poets Society. I have seen DPS, but when I saw MLS, it didn't ever cross my mind as even remotely like a "female DPS. DPS meant something more important on a much deeper level than MLS does at any point, and DPS is much darker. I mean, one could hardly compare Neil Perry's suicide to Betty Warren's divorce. Professor Keating is blamed for Neil's suicide and is fired, but in the end no one blames Katherine for Betty's divorce (except maybe Betty's mother) and Katherine makes her own decision to leave Wellesley. Professor Keating is loved almost immediately and absolutely by nearly all of his students; Katherine has to slowly earn the respect of her students, one at a time. (Actually, I would say that the nurse, Amanda Armstrong, probably compares much more closely to Keating than does Katherine.)  Despite the critics, I do believe that there ARE truths in MLS, if only because my mother, who lived and attended college at that time, pointed them out to me. She confirmed that most of the young women she attended school with were NOT in college because they had dreams and ambitions of high-powered careers. None of the girls in her classes, dorm or sorority wanted to be scientists, bank managers, lawyers, doctors or CEO's (that she knew of, anyway.) Most of them viewed post-graduate employment (primarily as a bookkeeping clerk, secretary/receptionist, or the main career option - a teacher) as simply a way to make a living until Mr. Right came along or as a way to pass the time and supplement their income for a few years after marrying until the kids started coming.  That doesn't mean they didn't appreciate their college education. Though my mother admitted freely to being one of those women who cared more about getting an "MRS than a BofA, she said a good many of the girls were quite interested in the outside world, artistic freedom, literature, philosophy, politics and current events. She knew a few young women who continued on to graduate school or maybe nursing school, but she knew of only one person whom she called "career-oriented at that time, and that girl's eventual goal was to be a school principal like her own mother was. For the most part, in my mother's experience, the girls she knew in college weren't all that different from the girls in MLS. My college experience 30 years later was different. The girls I knew in college were there because of what they wanted to achieve professionally, not to look for mates.  I still love the look of the film; the costumes, cars, building interiors, the campus scenery, as well as the music, both the period music and the score. I sympathized with poor Nancy Abbey whose dreams of a home and family are fading, and Giselle who was looking so hard for male approval and companionship to make up for the father who left when she was still young and impressionable. I at first hated Betty Warren along with everyone else, but I truly felt sorry for her in the end. Spencer Jones is unpleasant enough, but Jordan Bridges is a very mediocre actor. He just came across as flat and wooden.  Even though I know intellectually that the 1950's were not the idyllic, simple time our contemporary culture has made them out to be, this film reaches me on an emotional level and has the power to make me feel pleasantly nostalgic for a time that at least seemed a little more stable than the time I grew up in.
 The initial scene of this exquisite 2003 charmer is narrated by Kirsten Dunst's auburn-haired Wellesley newspaper columnist, Betty Warren, who is as pretty as a rose, and just as thorny, especially in her criticism of those around her.  This is particularly true when a new and unconventional art professor from California named Katherine Watson, played by Julia Roberts, arrives at Wellesley College in the autumn of 1953.  Betty, whose tyrannical mother(Donna Mitchell)is the President of Wellesley's Alumni Association, initially resents the arrival of this "subversive young teacher with radical ideas.   Directed by Mike Newell, the film's cinematography is periodically bathed in the golden light of nostalgia, and studded with an array of fine performances not only by Roberts and Dunst, but also by a charismatic Julia Stiles as the throaty-voiced, New England-accented Joan Brandwyn, the class leader, and Betty's best friend, Ginnifer Goodwyn, as the plump, friendly, accomplished cellist, Connie, real-life Wellesley alumni Laura Allen as the breathy-voiced, refined-sounding Susan Delacorte, and the willowy and unconventionally beautiful Maggie Gyllenhall as the stereotypically promiscuous daughter of divorced parents, Giselle Levy, who, like Professor Watson, is probably one of the most realistic characters in the film, perhaps more fully aware of certain truths about life and relationships that the strait-laced and conservative Betty will simply have to learn the hard way.  Marcia Gay Harden, who won an Oscar for playing Jackson Pollock's wife, is also featured in this film in which a Pollock painting receives attention. She plays the ettiquette Professor, Nancy Abbey, who like many women of her time has to present a facade of respectabilty in order to cover up the unpleasant truth about her own status as a single woman. Interestingly we learn about her past in an in vino veritas moment during Betty's wedding reception. We also learn why Betty's wedding day is more her mother's day than her own.  The male counterparts in the film are led by Dominic West, who reprises the role he had as a lying womanizer in "Chicago",  only this time as an Italian Professor. Beau Bridges' son, Jordan reveals that the acting genes haven't gone thin as Betty's uncaring husband, Spencer. One feels that Topher Grace as Tommy Donnegal,  and Ebon-Moss Bacharach as Betty's sweet cousin, Charlie Stewart,  the love interests of Joan and Connie, are destined for happy marriages. Their perfomances lend a certain winsomeness to the story.The reality of Betty's marriage is initially summed up by the single longing glance Betty gives a kissing Joan and Tommy as they visit her at her home.   Juliet Stevenson, a prominent figure in feminist theatre, has an interesting role as the closet case school nurse who is fired after one of Betty's editorials reveals her distribution of conraceptives, which at that time, were illegal.  Viewers observe the routines and rituals of a conservative women's college, as well as the chilly reception Miss Watson receives during her first class,and her challenging of her students'conventional views of art, especially when the fresh, rosy-faced young women respond to the sight of the Jackson Pollack painting.  We observe the growing number of clashes between Professor Watson and the faculty (led by Marian Seldes as a staid and icy President Carr) as well as Betty Warren, who will come to realize how silly she looks in the editorial photos in which she tries to capture the essence of a married Wellesley girl soon enough.  Miss Watson's daring sexual behavior would have raised more eyebrows in its time than it does 50 years later.  The costumes of the women are another point of interest in the representation of their characters. Giselle is often clad in rich, vibrant, if not jewel-toned colors and flesh-revealing  clothes, complimented by a necklace with a sensuous heart-shaped pendant, whereas the more conservative Joan and Betty wear conservatively colored, preppier and more modest styles complete with the inevitably prissy set of pearls.  The story itself has a lolling gentility that sharply contrasts with the theme of radicalism that it promotes. Ultimately the conventionally trained members of Wellesley's graduating class of 1954 will be inspired by their art teacher to shape their own destinies, wheather they choose careers of their own or conventional family lives, and while I would agree that this film is the obligatory girls version of "Dead Poets'Society",  its touch is delightfully feminine, and the graduating class' tributes to Miss Watson, both in their final class assignment and graduation-day salute, give the film a sunnier and more hopeful ending.
 Can two actors command a film?  In this creation, Julia Roberts and Kirsten Dunst prove it can be done.  Strong will personalities are portrayed by these two wonderfully convincing ladies.  From the beginning, we are all introduced to Julia Roberts as Katherine Watson, a woman who plans on challenging the way life is at Wellesley, an all female school.  Life is about education, ettiquette, and preparing for marriage.  Katherine wants to change their outlook, their frame of minds, and their goals.  In her quest in this, she sees that her goals will not be easy to come by. Then there is Kirsten Dunst as Betty who strongly believes in what she was taught in Wellesley, and overall is set against Katherine Watson.  These actors' exchange is convincing and it draws you into their worlds and their two different beliefs in what women should do. There are other plots that are connected to the other characters, but overall, Julia Roberts and Kirsten Dunst carries the film with superb acting.   The scenes are refreshing, showing campus life set amoung sweeping rivers, rustic landscape, wonderful skies and changing seasons.  Even inside the buildings you were captured by the set up and some of the art. In conclusion, Julia Roberts was excellent, and Kirsten Dunst was amazing.  They were very convincing and strong.  I really enjoyed it.  Maybe, you will, too. Joy.
 Just saw this movie, based upon a 30-something professor of Art History, traveling solo from California to prestigious Wellesley. Her mission, revealed as it occurs...to deliver an unconventional, challenging style of education for young women, who have the right to be more than a breeder.  As a younger, i was captive to the TV sitcoms, Donna Reed, Leave It to Beaver, Lassie, Father Knows Best, Dick Van Dyke and even Bewitched...women were homemakers, whose existence was solely for the husband and family. This film was a delightful antithesis to the programming of the 50's and 60's! Julia Roberts is sublimely compared (by reviewer Bret Frazer) to classic movie stars, like Bette Davis, Joan Crawford, and even Katherine Hepburn, for her ability to effortlessly "own a movie with her performance, and boy howdy, does she do it well! She literally, subtlety commands the screen, in a completely vulnerable, yet determined manner, as Katherine Watson. Miss Watson is condescended at every opportunity for her background, her home state, her poverty (from yucky California!) and her "old maid status.  In one of the first scenes,(one of my favorites) Miss Watson finds herself immediately confronted by a pretentious pack of intellectual lionesses. They attack with brutal efficiency, formed from old money, education, and malicious poise....trust kittens, ingrained with beliefs counter to self actualization...quite vicious with verbal assaults and subliminal threats.  As the movie unfolds, education, maturity, romance, roles, ideas and realities are explored...the pupils feline claws are slowly retracted as the teacher is seen for her uniquely brave character, strong values, and willingness to stand against established mores.  Of note in the supporting cast, my two favorites
 There have been three movies that have helped shape my beliefs, Amistad, Dream for an Insomniac and now Mona Lisa Smile.  It's the kind of movie that you come away from feeling blessed for the generation you're a part of, grateful to the generations that got you there and knowing
 I loved this movie!!  This is not a "chick flick".  It is so hard to imagine that things were so restrictive for women just 50 years ago, and it seems that we need to be reminded as we take all that is open and available to us and the many opportunities we have in stride. It's  unbelievable how things have changed - I am going to have my teenage daughter watch this movie, she will be astounded!  The movie is also beautifully filmed (much of it in Massachusetts on the gorgeous Wellesley College campus). I highly recommend this movie.
 I am amazed to have read reviews -- including David Denby's in The New Yorker -- that completely miss the main point of the movie
 I bought this dvd for a mid 70's Stanford Graduate, who actually dropped everything she was doing to watch the entire feature without a break.  She really loved the movie and didn't fall asleep watching it as she does other films.  This is a gem of a movie that career gals of today would find unbelivable.
 This was an empowering film to me.  I loved how Julia Roberts' character, Katherine Watson, challenged these women into different ways of thinking.  She helped them all to see what potential they have and that they didn't have to fit a binary of a woman in the 50s.  Watson challenged every idea that these women were brought up with
 Walt Disney Studios released the biography of Beethoven in 1961. I have searched for a video or DVD release for many years to no avail. While i am glad it is at least available in this format, what I really want is a DVD release. This is an enjoyable family film, Disney did a great job at the time with it.
 I too have been searching for this disney movie for years. I remember seeing it as a child and still remember some of the most soaring and inspirational music which made quite an impression on me. I intend to see it in this instant video rental format, but i would really love to buy a copy of this wonderful film...vhs, dvd, whatever!
 This is the story of a young woman who lives on a secluded island (Bridget Fonda.) She has a selfish sister who she is insanely jealous of due to her beauty and stardom in the village they live in. Bridget meets an old man  who was at one time  banished  from the village due to an  accident that was not his fault. She learns the lessons of life, love,  friendship and tradgedy through this man. A great movie for pre-teens and  above
 This movie shows how a person outside the family can influence how siblings CAN overcome their differences and hate for one another.  Excellant movie for all families to watch.
 Biography    Howard "Sandman Sims was a distinctive and influential tap dancer who gained his nickname from dancing on the sand he sprinkled on a tap board. Sandman Sims was famed for the range of percussive sounds his sand-dancing could produce - from the sweetest brushing to the most abrasive grinding.    Although he had tap-danced since 3, he discovered his style accidentally while training to be a boxer and shuffling his feet in a rosin box.  The result earned him widespread acclaim and sustained him during the decline of tap in the 1950s and '60s.    "They called the board my Stradivarius, Sandman  liked to say. I could use any kind of music - or I could do it without any music at all.    He was born Jan. 24, 1918 in Fort Smith, Ark., but would grow up in Los Angeles.  One of 10 children, he began dancing with his brothers on street corners.  Tap dancing was the street dance, the break dancing of his time. He would walk around with his tap shoes laced over his shoulder, Because the kids helped make a living for the family in his day!  "People would throw down their shoes in front of you and said, "Challenge"!  This was later dramatized in the movie Tap and an episode of The Cosby Show called Mr. Sandman..    After breaking his hand twice, he gave up boxing and danced in Latin America before Archie Moore, the prize fighter, drove him to New York City in 1947 after World War II.  There Sandman  joined  The Hoofers . They  characterized the hoofing style of dance. Unlike the heel-and-toe tap performed by Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly, a hoofer's steps use the whole foot.    Dance historian Sally Sommer has described Sandman's tap style as strong and vigorous
 The movie humanizes the people who for so long I have thought of only as dancers; we see Bunny Briggs tearing up while his uncles tell the story of his childhood, Sandman laughing and dancing with his kid in the park, and various players recounting Chuck Green's battle with schizophrenia.  There are a number of fantastic dancing clips, but if that's all you're looking for you should go somewhere else.  A very compelling documentary that made me better appreciate the art form and how far these 3 men have pushed what's possible.  (Check out Green tapping away in his own world, using a grocery bag as a 3rd foot - makes me smile!)
 I saw this in Boston at an art house in the early 80's. I've never forgotten the arresting visuals or the impression of watching these men re-define time and motion. After watching these masters prove that Tap always was an elevated form of modern dance you will wish for wings. Yes, it's that amazing.
 My mother in law loves to tap at her senior club and she requested this dvd. She was thrilled that I found it when she could not. She said that it was just what she wanted.
 Very funny stuff...don't watch network tv much, but this series is a must watch! Hilarious, hours of fun!! Can't wait until next season.
 Excellent TV series not only about the black urban ghetto family experience but also funny in general. The show was extremely funny in the first few seasons before the character playing Chris Rock grew up and his voice changed a couple of octaves lower. The father figure is especially enjoyable.
 Why 5 stars you may ask?  This volume really shows us the dichotomy that existed between the First and Second Seasons of "The Man from U.N.C.L.E. television series. "The Man from U.N.C.L.E. was a great extension of the James Bond cinematic phenomena created in the 60s.  The Gazebo in the Maze Affair  and the follow-up  The Yukon Affair  couldn't be more different in tone. But that's what made this series so dynamic. George Sanders steals both episodes.
 The first one is a little more wild than i like but the second on is the best I have seen.They are great guys I like it that the good guys always win at the end.
 I really don't have much time but, this movie is really funny. The only downside I found was I thought "Dracula was a lot more attractive than the main female actress. She should have been in the main role.
 Maggie and Rose are two sisters who have nothing in common but the same pair of shoes. Rose is the oldest - responsible, a lawyer, intelligent, and works too much. Maggie is dyslexic, impulsive, and drinks too much to avoid growing up. When Maggie gets too drunk during her 10th anniversary high school reunion her stepmother Sydelle kicks her out and she goes to live with her sister. The trouble is that Maggie brings chaos everywhere she goes. One night Maggie goes too far - breaking Rose's shoes, stealing money and jewellery, and having an affair with Rose' boyfriend. Rose kicks Maggie out of her life and Maggie runs to their long lost grandmother in Florida.  When Rose meets her grandmother Ella she tries to sponge off her too and try to steal money. Grandma catches on and tells Maggie to get a job at the assisted living hospital. Meanwhile, Rose quits her job and falls for Simon whose advances she spurned at their law firm. Eventually Ella invites Rose down to Florida to repair the sisters' relationship. Once reunited both girls find out the truth about their mother's death and how much they still need each other.
 When I bought this movie, because I love all the 3 leads, I was expecting a lightweight comedy, maybe not the best movie. That's what I felt during the first like, 10-30 minutes of it. But you have no idea, seriously, where this movie is going. I was attached to the screen during the whole movie, waiting to see what would happen, when it would happen. This is definitely not a lightweight comedy. I would not say it is the 2000s Terms Of Endearment, but it's close. Thanks to the great acting skills of Toni Collette, Shirley MacLaine and Cameron Diaz as well, who has never looked more beautiful. This movie I felt was never boring, predicatble or clich&eacute;d. Maybe it is, but because all is done so well, you don't notice it? Even the Miami setting of the elderly mansions, is definitely not the one you usually see, it is really really a refreshing movie and I wish they made more of these. This one enters my list of all-time favorite movies. You will not regret buying this.
 I had second thoughts about watching this movie, not that I don't like Cameron Diaz, believe me, she is one of my favorite actresses aside  from Drew Barrymore & Keira Knightley. The beginning was well...sexy. If your not into watching movies with any vulgar sex going on (bathroom scene), it would've been a turn off (for the older viewers, of course). The scene is not even that long so stick around.  However,from the first scene to the end, I was totally hooked and could not move from my spot, there were some scenes were I cried and I don't ever remember crying watching a Cameron D. movie. Some had brought me to tears from laughing. Anyway, all I can say is give it a try. If you liked Where the heart is (with Natalie Portman), you'll definitely love this movie. The love of the two sisters were truly remarkable. Sallie Mclaine is wonderful, as always and the romance b/w Toni Collette and Mark Feuerstein is so cute and funny it gave me goosebumps. This movie is definitely worth it and a keeper, I'm buying the DVD for myself!!
 I THUROUGHLY ENJOYED THIS MOVIE FROM BEGINNING TO END. I WOULD SAY THIS MOVIE IS CONSIDERED A CHICK FLICK. ITS HARD TO FIND A GOOD MOVIE THESE DAYS, AND THIS IS ONE OF THEM.
 THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE TO JUST SIT AND LAUGH. REALLY FUNNY IF YOU HAVE SIBLINGS THAT YOU HAVE TO PUT UP WITH.
 This is an excellent movie, especially if you have a sister. This movie is one you will want to watch again and again. As I received the email asking to leave feedback on the movie I was watching it again. Hope everyone enjoys it as much as I have.
 Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette were excellent as Maggie Feller and Rose Feller, two sisters who have a love-hate relationship.  Maggie (C. Diaz) is the partying type.  Rose (T. Collette) is straight-arrow type.  They are different in many ways but they share one huge thing in common.  Their mom died when they were both very young and they both miss her very much.  They're father is now remarried.  The new wife is not well-liked by either of the two sisters.  As the movie moves on, they are re-introduced to their long-lost grandmother, played by Shirley MacLaine.  After sleeping with her sisters boyfriend, and then being put out, Maggie has nowhere to go.  She looks up her Grandmother and moves down to Florida.  The two sisters get reacquainted when grandma notices their is something wrong.  She invites Rose down to Florida.  Rose accepts the invitation not knowing Maggie is already there.  Maggie is also unaware her sister is coming to visit.  After a brief spell, the sisters make up and become friends again.  Shirley MacLaine is great in her role as grandmom.  What else would you expect from her?  Toni Collette & Cameron Diaz were also great in their roles as sisters.  This is a very good movie, with a great story to tell.  I give it 5 stars.
 I like this story. Maggie was a tramp at first time and she tries to be celebrity, actually get a job to live on.  Her sister, Rose takes care of her a lot since she was child as they lost their mom when they're children.  One day her step mother driven her out of their house and Rose has got to let her stay in her apartment since the day when just she started an office romance.  Rose's boyfriend offers her business trip to Chicago from Philadelphia with him to interview . But he canceled without conveying Rose.  She's been unhappy when she was back from Chicago. Additionally,Maggie slept with a dog that she doesn't know in Rose's bed and  her car was todd because Maggie parked on the street on the other day. Finally she lost her temper and asked Maggie to leave from her apartment by she got home. Maggie was mad at her while she's packing.  Rose's boyfriend came to her apartment to apologize with some flowers. She was still working at the office and Maggie was just there.  He slept with Maggie at Rose's bed. She found out that they're doing. Of course, she left from Rose though she has no anywhere else to go. Rose's quit her job as she might be shocked too much to see him.  Maggie had accidentally found her grandmother's adress. She attempts to find and stay her home for a while. Rose takes care of a dog Maggie left. She found where the dog has been staying in and came up with an idea to be a freelance of dog walker.  Maggie stays at her grandmather's house  in Florida, eating, swimming like a person who enjoys her vacation. On the other hand Rose works as a dog walker at where it seems to be cold. One day Rose bump into Simon who was her co-worker and had lunch together. The next Friday she dated with him and she became his girlfriend. She seems to be happy though, still worries about Maggie as her phone cut off.  One day her Grandmother offers her a job at the assisted living center. One who retired Professor has oftencasked Maggie to read to him while she's working.  She didn't accepet his wish  at first but eventually she started reading for him. She turned out she has a gift in herself. One day.Their grandmother asked Maggie about Rose and asked her to call for Rose's visiting. Of course she didn't do any. Their grandmother checked her diary and got Rose's address while she's been out. by the way Rose engaged with Simon. But  She doesn't seen to be perfectly happy, perhaps it's because she's still unable to know where Maggie is and call her. Simon had realized she's struggling with something inside and wanted her to talk about this to him. He canceled to engage as she doesn't talk to him what's in trouble.  After that, she received a letter from her grandmother. She turned to be happy.Until then she felt sad and lonesome after breaking up. Soon she flew to Florida to visit her grandmother. She saw Maggie with surprise at her grandmother's house. Rose talked about that Simon dumpted her and their mother's death. Maggie first knows the actul case she died. With advising from her neighbors, she tries to have Simon come to Florida to reengage with Rose. One day when she's working she know the ex-professor passed away. She feels sad but she got how inteeresting books and poems are thaning for him.  At rose's wedding her gramdmother and father reconciled.  I like Mrs Lefcowits who is one of the neighbor of Ella, grandmother. She is funny and cute and gave Ella and Maggie good advises or consolations.
 I received it in perfect conditions, original package and I love the movie.  I waanted to see it for a long time. I recommend this seller.
 You guys need to check out this site on the AMAZING movie starring cameron diaz!! It's about two sister who go through lots of ups and downs and end up realizing that the love they share for one another is far more important than the love they could ever give to any man or person who came between them.  &lt;a href="http
 Bought this as a gift after liking it so much myself. Good girlfriends movie!
 This was one of the best movies I have seen in a LONG time. Great movie...great cast...nothing much else to say.
 This film really surprised me.  I expected it to be a bit of fun, a la Bridget Jones, and while it was very funny it was also very smart with a beautifully told story.  The film is about two sisters, with nothing in common but their shoe size, unexpectedly break out of the shallow stereotypes they have of themselves and of each other.  Cameron Diaz and Toni Colette are amazing in the film.  And although Diaz tends to be cast as the beautiful ditz and Colette the geeky-oddball, neither actress plays to the sterotype.  Colette, as the the older sister- Rose, struggles between her role as 'the one who keeps it all together' and her desire for passion & a more carefree life. While Diaz, as the selfish & self-centered younger sister, Maggie, surprises everyone and herself, when she discovers she has something to offer the world.  This film is guy friendly.
 The greatest thing about 'In Her Shoes' is that is proves to be nothing you expected it to be.  I expected a comedy, somthing trivial and just ordinary to pass the time...but what I got was a delightful dramedy that touched my heart and made me laugh, cry and smile almost as much as this years 'The Family Stone'.  This story, adapted from Jennifer Weiner's novel of the same name, revolves around two sisters.  Rose (Toni Collette) is the smart succesful lawyer with low self esteem due to a little extra weight and not so much of a love life (in the first few scenes we see her take a picture of a man in her bed because she wants proof she actually slept with someone).  Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is the funny, ditzy, trampy one who deep down has low self esteem because of her illiteracy.  These two sisters love to hate each other and after one too many fights they part their ways.  What happens next is a great look at family and life and life without family.  Maggie, upon discovering they have a grandmother they never knew, or at least thought was dead, decides to take a bus to Florida to stay with her.  Her grandmother Ella (Shirley McLaine) lives in a "retirement home for active seniors, and offers to help Maggie get back on her feet.  With Maggie out of the picture Rose starts to grow, socially and actually gets a boyfriend, a serious boyfriend who in turn proposes.  At the same time, Maggie goes from trampy mooch to respectable, responcible and reliable.  It almost seems as if these girls are better off apart, but as they soon realize without each other they don't make sense.  As the girls finally come to terms with each other and, with the help of their 'newfound' grandmother, come to terms with the early death of their mother, we see them grow and mature, each in their own ways.  What's so great about this film is that is aproaches each charactor with care and compassion helping you too sympatize with each one.  You feel for Rose when blows up at Maggie because you understand how crazy Maggie must make her, but you also feel for Maggie when she fails a job interview because of her illiteracy.  In the beggining you'll want to cry, by the middle you'll start to laugh, and in the end you break a smile.  This is a great, underrated and swept under the radar type film that should be enjoyed by everyone with a heart.  Performances were great across the board, most notibly by Cameron Diaz who stole my heart with every frame.  This is truly one of those films that both women and their husbands (I'm one of those husbands) can really enjoy.
 this is a really great movie.  cameron diaz and toni collette are perfect together and go through real experiences that real people go through.  it's a great movie that shows the ups and downs of life.  it's a great movie about family and the love that lingers behind all sibling fighting and rivalry.  i would highly recommend seeing this film to anyone!
 This may be Cameron Diaz's most sympathetic role to date as she plays off her 30-something immaturity against her "never really was a child older sister.  Shirley MacLain is totally enjoyable in her role as the girls' "lost grandmother, and serves as one of the catalysts for emotional growth by everyone involved, and an eventual family reconciliation.  This will undoubtably be labeled as a "chick flick", but as o non-chick I completely enjoyed it.
 I read In Her Shoes during Hurricane Rita.  The electricity was out and I turned each page by candlelight and as I turned each page I fell more in love with Maggie, Rose and Ella.  I did not think the movie would live up to my expectations.  It didn't...it exceeded them!  The movie was beautifully filmed with great attention to detail.  Each actress was cast perfectly as well.  I would reccomend this dvd to anyone!
 Toni Collette (Muriel in 'Muriel's Wedding') chose another great role, or perhaps it chose her? She plays older sister Rose to a very messed up 'party girl' Cameron Diaz (Maggie). Maggie gives the line; 'You only hurt the ones you love' deeper jabs as she sabotages her own life and her sister's. But family bonds are never truly broken in this movie, and when Diaz discovers she has a grandmother (Maclaine), their past with a mentally ill mother becomes clearer to all of the women. Once they are able to sift through some childhood shadows, Maggie realizes that Rose has been her protector all her life. I found it interesting that the film brought out how the adolescent mind can 'tone down' tragic moments. This movie has soul, and though my husband dubbed it as a 'slight' chick flick, he enjoyed watching as well.  Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 I won't go into great detail here, as some excellent reviews have been written. I do want to share my thoughts briefly, though.   I decided I wanted to see a movie after work, not just for entertainment's sake, but for some end of the week therapy as well. I looked at 4 movies, one of which was pretty violent, and I wasn't up for that. I read reviews for the remaining 3, and while I normally don't pre-judge a film by reviews, after reading extensively on these, I decided I would just wait until they are released on video.  Discouraged,it looked like I wouldn't be going after all, not until I stumbled upon a promising synopsis for "In Her Shoes", starring Cameron Diaz Toni Collette and Shirley McClaine. I then read some reviews, and decided to take a chance. I am glad I did!   Cameron plays "Maggie", an irresponsible and unstable, yet stunningly attractive girl who lives for the moment, and has no stability as far as a home or career are concerned. Kicked out of her home by her lurid step mother, Maggie temporarily moves in with sister her "Rose", portrayed by Toni Collette. Rose is a seemingly bland, but high achiever, and very talented Princeton educated attorney who works for one of Philadelphia's top law firms. The differences between the two are indeed evident upon their first interaction in the film; Maggie, despite her perpetul failures, has self confidence and zeal, while Rose is insecure in herself and has very low self esteeem. However, they both make a subtle effort to at least co-exist peacefully. Due to a chain of many unsettling circumstances that present themselves in time, though, this arrangement will eventually crumble and the two become bitterly separated. Rose not only bainshes Maggie from her home, but her life as well. Despite the ups and downs between the two sisters, one cannot seem to live without the other.   Maggie then  heads to Florida, where she calls on her estranged grandmother "Ella played by none other than Shirley McClaine, who is living comfortably in a retirement community. There is an initial underlying coldness between the two, and it is evident that Maggie would rather not be there, but has nowhere else to go right now. Eventually, Maggie slowly blends into the community, and despite her age, she is well revered by it's elderly residents, especislly the men, lol!  Maggie soon gets a job at the community hospital and begins to feel a sense of purpose. There, she is befriended by an older gentleman who was once a professor, and he encourages her to read to him. Though he is bedridden, his wit and intellect are very sharp. She initially shuns the offer to read to him, which could be interpreted as rude, but later we see why, since she has dislexia and is fearful of confronting it. In time, Maggie and the gentleman form a friendship, and he relentlessly forces her to deal with her problem. One day Maggie comes in to check on him, when she is told by his grandson that he just died. This was indeed a very sad and emotinal part of the movie for me, and I'm sure others as well. Soon, Rose takes a trip to Florida put together by Ella, and the 3 re-unite. Many other events occur and unfold, then the film proceeds towards a very happy, but emotional ending.    While it may appear to to be your run-of-the mill "chick flick", it's not that at all..In fact, I would HIGHLY recommend this to almost anyone. This movie has style, substance and all of the other elements that a quality film should contain. I walked away feeling a sense of happiness and fulfillment, a feeling I haven't had for a long time after watching a movie. frankly, this is one of the few films of 2005 that I will see again. Curtis Hanson did an excellent and exeptional job on this film. I'm definitely going to get this for my collection when it comes out on DVD.
 If you're looking for a movie to put a little kick in your step this one will do it. It's about family and about discovering the individuality within that family while keeping both intact.  The film centers on a rather tumultuous relationship between sisters Maggie (Cameron Diaz) and Rose (Toni Collette). Each sister is a complete opposite of the other yet bound by ties that run far deeper than surface appearances. Rose is the mousey responsible sister who tries to rescue Maggie, the flakey beautiful one, from self-destruction. As with all relationships complications arise, feelings get hurt and an inevitable split occurs. Into the picture arrives a long lost grandmother, Ella (Shirley MacLaine) and everything is up for grabs. But it's the way the storytellers reveal each character's nuances that make this movie so special. It covers the ages with insecurities and doubts but heals the wounds with subtle intention.  Cameron Diaz is truly wonderful in her role as Maggie and she brings to the role a depth she has rarely been able to delve into in her prior films. Toni Collette steals the show with her tremendous acting ability and Shirley MacLaine is given the chance to be the films stabilizing force. So there may be a closet full of beautiful shoes in this movie but they really aren't what it's all about. Beneath all the expensive heels and fancy slides lurks the truth of this family's hidden treasures. Trust me this movie will leave you skipping home barefoot in delight!
 For me, not a chik flik, but a film about dysfunctional family relationships, skeletons in the closet, that, as life seems to always have it, must come out for all to get well. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, enjoyed the oppositional forces of the two sisters yet who love each other through and through, and are a great part of each other's soul. Enjoyed all the characters, kudos to the actors' portrayals, and the poem which when recited aloud, ohhh, you just want to hear it again. Bravo to all who participated in this film.
 I loved this movie! I thought that I would like it, but was surprised by how great it was! Acting was superb. I always love Shirley, and Cameron and Toni both give stellar performances. I really felt for each of the characters even though the two sisters could not have been more different. I didn't get bored once which has never happened with me when the movie is over two hours. This movie tells a powerful message about love that is not romantic but is vital to everyone's life just the same
 I'm not a fan of Jennifer Weiner -I've read a couple of her novels and for the life of me I don't get the hype about such a mediocre writer--so I had very low expectations about In Her Shoes, despite the rave reviews. I'm happy to say I was wrong. This is one of those rare cases in which the movie is significantly better than the book. The characters seem real people, beautifully portrayed by Toni Collette, Cameron Diaz and Shirley McLaine--the three of them, at the top of their game.
 Cameron Diaz shines as does Toni Collete in this simple but heartwarming story about two sisters.  This movie reminded me of my sister and myself, so different but yet so alike.  I recommend this for anyone who has a sister who is your best friend and sometimes your worst enemy.
 The movie is about women and clearly mostly targets women, no doubt about that. But I enjoyed watching it with my wife. The story is predictable but quite sophisticated, the acting is great and there is a lot of  creativity in all those nice little details perfectly matching the scenes like the colors, picture on the walls, composition etc.  Overall, a very well done movie.
 I read the book by Jennifer Weiner ages ago and remembered really relating to the story line.  Anyone that has a sister...good relationship or bad...will relate to this book/movie.  I loved the book so much and couldn't wait to watch the movie.  The characters were cast VERY well.  It is difficult to get used to Cameron Diaz playing a dispicable character, though, when you are used to her being so fun-loving and everyone's favorite friend.  She plays the part of Maggie Feller to perfection.  Toni Collette does a great job and being the responsible older sister, Rose, who feels responsibility to care for her loser sister - even when she hates her the most.  You want to root for both characters in the movie and have them succeed and become friends again.  You'll laugh and cry and to me, that makes for the perfect chick flick.
 IN HER SHOES is hands down the best film I've seen so far this year.  It explores the relationship between two sisters, their father and stepmother and then the grandmother they never knew as children.  Toni Colette is brilliant as the successful sister who seems to have everything worked out right in her life except for a personal relationship.  Her biggest dilema is her useless sister (Cameron Diaz) who keeps drifting into her life and using her.  Toni is  one of the best actors out there, and it is a pleasure to see her continue to impress with each new role.  Cameron Diaz is also very appealing in the film.  While her character is easy to dislike, it is interesting to watch as her character goes full circle.  Shirley Maclaine plays the grandmother of the two girls, and there are some very special scenes that highlight why she is one of the greats.  While some reviewers have called it a chick flick, I would call it a film for anyone who has experienced the ups and downs of having a sister or a brother.  IN HER SHOES runs for over 2 hrs & 30 mins.  The film is outstanding but perhaps could have been wrapped up a little before this.  A minor complaint.  Overall, a must see for all!
 This really isn't the type of film I would normally go for. But it is a wonderfully rich character study of two sisters, one who is a well educated lawyer, one who is illiterate, illicit, and irresponsible.  Things get tense when the educated sister (Rose) finds her sister in bed with her boyfriend. She throws her sister (Maggie) out of her house. Maggie then heads down to Florida to get acquainted with her grandmother, a woman who has been shut out of her life. While working at an old age home, she becomes more mature and is inspired by a retired professor at the home to improve her reading skills.  Rose goes on to meet a wonderful Jewish man, but unresolved issues with her family history endanger this relationship.  The film's satisfying climax will reward the viewer. Thumbs up from NE Wisconsin!
 I loved the book In Her Shoes and, because of this, went to the movie with trepidation.  We all know the typical story of book to movie translations (Three words
 Cameron was, as usual, SUPERB.  She is great, great, great!  KNIGHT AND DAY with Diaz and CRUISE in also a five star production.  If you like one, you'll like the other.
 This was one awsome movie. Drama, emotions all the way. I would recommend it for purchase. The story is great, it shows real life struggles. Everytime I watch it, I enjoy it like the first time.  Real nice.
 I enjoy this movie. When I first heard of this movie and saw the trailer I thought it was going to be a boring movie. I am a movie collector. So I had to buy it anyways. I have a bad habit of buying movies even though they suck. N E Who.... This movie wasn't bad. I enjoy it all the way threw.
 I love Shirley MacLain and this movie is no exception to her talent.  The others are equally as talented and it's a very entertaining, well played, movie.
 I love this movie, the first time I saw it was my sister a couple of years ago and we two were crying at the moment Cameron Diaz reads the touching letter to her older sister. It shows the uncondicional love about 2 sisters. I have bought it for mys sister as one of her Xmas gift, she will love it!!! Beautiful movie!
 Maggie befriends one of her patients, a blind retired professor of English literature has asked Maggie to read works of poetry to him. She does so, but with great difficulty. After asking if she is dyslexic, the professor encourages Maggie to continue reading to him while offering emotional support to her. Maggie finds a friend in the professor, the first person in her life who does not ridicule her difficulties with reading, and actually helps her to improve in this area. As time passes with the professor, Maggie's confidence grows not only with reading but with her general image of herself. In addition, she also becomes friendly with the residents of the retirement community. In doing so, Maggie discovers a livelihood that is greatly needed among the elderly women, a personal clothing shopper, an activity for which Maggie shows enormous talent. Ella who also does not ridicule her difficulties with math, offers to run the financial aspects of the business. In the process, they become close and resolve their past history. "In Her Shoes is an enjoyably entertaining comedy/drama featuring a number of topflight performances and some hilarious dialogue.
 Totally enjoyed the movie.  It was refreshing watching a movie without violence.  Even my husband enjoyed it.  I recommend it for all those who likes a good down to earth movie.
 I loved this movie. I even brought it with me to Iraq. It totally caught me by surprise. It was definitely a feel good chick flick that I can watch over and over again.
 Beautifully adapted by Susannah Grant from the novel by Jennifer Weiner, exquisitely directed by Curtis Hanson and played to perfection by Cameron Diaz, Toni Collette, Shirley MacLaine and a hand-picked cast, this overlooked family comedy was one of the very best films of 2005.  Collette and Diaz are sisters, living in Philadelphia.  Toni is a responsible attorney with a low self-image when it comes to men, while Cameron is a flaky, flirty, uneducated party girl who detests work and leaches off of her sister.  The girls have a major falling out when Toni discovers Cameron in bed with her (Toni's) boy friend.  Out on the street, Cameron discovers that she has a long lost grandmother (MacLaine) living in a Florida retirement community, so she heads South, figuring that she'll mooch off the old lady for awhile.  Shirley, however, is not that easily taken in and she forces her newly-found granddaughter to not only turn her life around, but also effects a reconciliation with her sister.  IN HER SHOES is a joyful, very  human film; one that can be enjoyed over multiple viewings.  The supporting cast includes Mark Feuerstein as Toni's fiance', Ken Howard as her and Cameron's father, and Norman Lloyd as an ailing college professor who touches Cameron's heart.  The above average "Behind the Scenes featurettes include one about the Florida seniors who played small roles in the movie and another about how a dog was saved from the pound to play a key part in the film.  Michael B. Druxman
 This is a must for any fan of Cameron Diaz, and it's a sister-bonding romantic story that is so well cast~ starring Shirley Maclaine as the womens' long-lost grandmother. And the fabulous Toni Collette will just tug at your heart strings. The best part of the film for me is the E.E.Cummings love poem at the end! Highly recommended for all ages. Just a little bad language and sex. The penultimate chick flick!
 This is one of those films that can set off a four hour discussion... There are no villians in this beautifully strurctured comdey/drama..Just human beings, desiring love, suffering from low self esteem and yet having the courage to keep living and seeking answers....We need more such films that are so thought provoking....
 I'm giving this to my sister for Christmas.  It's one of my favorite "chick-flic movies, and I've already seen it about 4 times.  Love it!
 The movie "In Her Shoes directed by Curtis Hanson is a wonderful movie directed towards typical family issues. The two actresses, Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette, knew exactly what they were doing in this film. They are sisters who are total opposites and with one incident one sister (the partier) decides to live with the other sister who is kind of "stiff". Throughout this movie nothing goes right until Cameron finds her grandmother who turns her around. I have tons more to say but I don't want to be too boring so I'm going to end this. Overall this movie should receive 5 stars for it's choice of actors and how it turns out in the ending.  Brittany F.
 The first time I saw this movie in the theatre, I fell in love with it and the poems.  It's got it all - great acting, cast, storyline and human conflicts that touch all of us in one way or another.  Every woman that I've recommended this movie to has come to love it as well.  This story will have Jane Austin, herself proud.
 I loved the book, so I wanted to watch the movie.  I convinced my boyfriend to go to it in the theater.  It is really good when they have tons of humor and sex in a chick flick and someone like cameron diaz because then I can watch my chick flick with no complaints from the boyfriend.  He loved it too.  It was really funny.  I love her books and I love the movie.  Read the books first they are better and it makes more sense, but they did a good job making this into a screenplay without problems even though they skipped parts of the book.
 Director Curtis Hanson's In Her Shoes is a lovely drama about the ups and downs of sisters. Cameron Diaz plays Maggie, a not so responsible woman and Toni Collette plays Rose, her up-tight sis trying to force Maggie to "grow-up. I couldn't believe how good Diaz is in this film, the best performance of her career, so vulnerable and real. Collette is great in any movie she sinks her British teeth in. Their relationship gets tested Maggie has a fling with Rose's potential boyfriend. Maggie goes looking for the grandma she didn't know she had played by Shirley McClaine. Rose and Maggie learn interesting things about themselves along the way, separately of course. Can their tarnished relationship be fixed, you just have to rent this chick flick and see for yourself.
 I love the fact that it isn't shallow and hits some tough topics. Cameron Diaz shines along with Toni Collette! Shirley Maclaine makes the second half of this movie extremely funny!
 Director Curtis Hanson has filmed many remarkable films
 Bring plenty of kleenex.  What a well-crafted and acted film.  Cameron Diaz gives a heart-tugging performance as a "lost soul who grows into an evolving lovely young woman. Extremely involving script. First rate, a must-see.
 This DVD is Apropos per my regard to my relationship with my Big Sister.  She is Smart and Responsible and married for 25 years now.  I only hope to 'grow up' someday and have someone to love me and allow me to love him right back.
 Ordered this for me and a friend for Christmas from Amazon.  Makes you remember what it is like to have a sister and the love you have for each other thru good and bad.
 Great movie with very good acting. The plot reflects to my daughter is still looking for the easy way. I loved it, and we all have a black sheep in the family. If your lucky you just have one. I believe this could be a true story. It touches the heart, and Soul. This is one of the better movies with-out blood, crime, and aliens from other places. Down to earth type. I would give it a ten.. Ten bring tops.
 This is a full-blown one-hankie chick flick, but I still enjoyed it. Cameron Diaz looks impossibly hot. The old folks are real residents of a real Florida place where this movie was shot. Shirley Maclaine has been playing this role for the last 25 years, and she's got it down. Good script. Decent plot line. Nice soundtrack. Not a bad waste of two hours.
 This movie made a great birthday present for my sister. It is a family movie for sure. Great cast that work well together. It is a keeper for anyone's collection.
 A very good movie.A must see for anyone who has a sister.I happen to have three.It is a movie that is very realistic and makes you feel good.A movie to watch more than once.
 I never get tired of watching this great documentary on  The Twist  dance craze in the early 60's. The film covers the years leading up to it, the height of the craze, and the years afterwards, finishing up with how the twist evolved into go-go  freestyle  dancing.  The movie is broken up into eight different  Lessons , and contains documentary and newsreel footage in between interviews with singers such as (among others) Dee Dee Sharp, Cholly Atkins, Hank Ballard, and of course, Chubby Checker. They also interview some dancers from American Bandstand, and one of the go-go dancing waitresses at the Peppermint Lounge, who says they had the fringe on their skirts  clocked at 130 mph  when someone timed it once (how exactly they measured this, I don't know, but in the footage you see, it doesn't look too far off the mark). I just can't put into words how much fun this movie is. If you love to dance, you'll understand and maybe get a little emotional like I did in parts. You can hear the passion in most of the dancer's voices when they talk about how dancing made them feel and/or how it changed their lives. Even without the narration, some of the footage speaks for itself- watch the faces of some of the couples doing the jitterbug and swing-dancing early in the film. I don't think I've ever seen bigger smiles on anyone in my life- they look like they're having so much fun they would have to look down to see cloud 9. This movie is not only a great documentary, but educational. I learned the names of some of my favorite go-go dances (I had the The Frug confused with The Watutsi...well, those are harder ones to figure out than say, The Monkey, so sue me), and the week after I first bought this movie for my home collection and watched it a couple times, I won a dance contest using-or maybe  stealing  is a better word, to be honest- some of the moves from  Twist! .  If you want to learn just a couple of basic dance moves (and don't mind them being what some people might think of as 'dated' ones), this is a great movie to watch. Pretty much anyone can do the Twist, as they show you- if you're really having trouble, just imagine you're smashing out a cigarette stub into the floor with your foot. Whatever you do, don't turn this movie off after the credits start! When we saw it at a film festival, we left early and missed a group they show during the credits that called themselves  The World's Greatest Twisters , 3 men and 2 women that they interviewed earlier in the film. They named themselves that because they would go to every twist contest they could find and win every time- the women look they could have been Ikettes. When I first saw it, I thought the men were the same, but that they'd replaced the females with younger women from the way they were moving. Then I looked closer and realized that it was the same two women- they were probably at least in their early 50's, but watch them go- they can dance better and move faster than most women in their 20's! (partly because they've had much more time to work on it, I guess). Plus, they look like they can still wear their original dance outfits. Prepare to see them out-dance almost everyone in the movie put together.   If you loved  Hairspray , (and not just because you're a John Waters fan), loved dancing at any point in your life, or the music of the time period (especially if you're a fan of any of the artists interviewed), this movie is worth hunting down and owning. Just warm up first if you attempt to copy any of the dance moves in the last 15 minutes of the movie!
 Like Ron Mann's other films ("Grass", "Comic Book Confidential", etc), "Twist is full of much more fun, colour, movement and wit than the average documentary, and provides an equally entertaining and educational look at 20th century pop history.  And, as in his other documentaries, he looks at the broader background and sociological implications behind the main subject matter. One of the more interesting historical aspects explored in this film is the politics and social engineering behind the '50's dance crazes. The twist itself grew out of the more blatantly sexual, bump and grind dances popular in black music halls.  Knowing that it was impossible to wipe out their children's interests in black culture (let's face it, African Americans not only invented rock and roll, but put out far superior music to the watered-down white artists who were more radio-friendly), white adults decided to instead try to replace the dances their children were imitating with something "safer and more "wholesome by doing for dance what Pat Boone and company did for rock.  Funny clips are shown of whites demonstrating the "proper technique for twisting with absolutely no hip movement!  But they only partially succeeded. The Twist is not the only dance examined.  Mann shows how it evolved from other dances, and how others later tried to cash in on its success by releasing songs with built-in new dances.  Witness such Macarenas of the past as the hilarious The Elephant where kids use their arms to imitate an elephant's trunk!  (Unfortunately, Mann does not include footage of the Neil Sadaka non-craze, The Jellyfish!!) All the people most instrumental in creating the dance craze who were alive at the time of filming are interviewed, many of them demonstrating their own twist (pun intended) on the dance.  And the music and dancing is absolutely exhilarating. Sadly, Lulu's (former home of the world's largest stage) in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada where the interviews and new dance sequences were filmed has long since closed down, so this film is also a good nostalgia trip for those who miss the legendary club.
 "Twist is a documentary about the dance craze of the sixties which also includes the dances that led up to the "twist and those that followed.  It really brought me back to the days of doing the "swim",  "monkey", "mashed potato", "watusi", in addition to the main attraction - the "twist".  The interviews and film clips were very entertaining and down right FUN!
 It is about time this excellent series was finally released on DVD. What a gem! Now, I remember this series growing up, but when it aired, I was only 10 years old. I always enjoyed the action (always a fist fight), and some of the more subtle things might have gone over my head. But, seeing it again made me realize that this show more then stands the test of time. The characters are timeless and really do stand up. Many posthumous kudos to John Vivyan and Ross Martin as Lucky and Andamo and to creator Blake Edwards.  In fact, in my opinion, much better then PETER GUNN and I think that series is still good and was also created by the talented Mr. Edwards. MR LUCKY is better overall. You gotta LOVE the cars alone !!! Another great thing is that each episode is a tight half hour episode telling the story and accenting it with action at the end. I've heard some say that the plots were a little shopworn, but I disagree. It was just the nature of the character of Mr Lucky to have friends AND enemies always knocking on his door.It added to the somewhat mysterious past of Lucky who's real name we never learned and whose past was never really revealed. Perhaps more would have come out if there was a second season. Now, in this day and age, it's hard to imagine that this show was a bona fide hit and not renewed. But,in those early days, networks really did care about what people thought. In the South Bible belt, there were complaints that the series glorified gambling and so much pressure was applied that the sole advertiser, Lever Bros, demanded that gambling been taken out in favor of a dinner club. The series complied, but at the end of the first season, Lever Bros pulled out and, incredibly,CBS could not find another sponsor for the show to continue. It was a top twenty show for the year !! That would never happen today and as such, the show went WAY too soon. But,nonetheless,it's really good to finally have this vastly overlooked program in as pristine as you're going to get it. This IS the best collection I have seen of this show, having stupidly bought a couple over the years which all sucked compared to this. The picture is really very good throughout with just a couple a little dark,but considering the nature of the series,it doesn't really work against your viewing pleasure. The sound is also very good, with only the episode, "BUGSY", where the voices sound a little tinny and strange. But, basically, the audio is excellent, loud and clear. That's a real plus because the musical soundtrack is a classic!! The music was a standout by the great Henry Mancini and the show also produced not one, but TWO, hit LPs, MR LUCKY and MR LUCKY GOES LATIN. And they STILL canceled it !!! However, with this wonderful set released by Timeless Media,they added a bonus disc,the LP MR LUCKY for your listening pleasure. This is a fabulous buy no matter how you look at it.
 I'm really glad an HD version of this is being offered. (I know that much is obvious, but I like ticking the elephant in the room! 
 Plunkett &amp; Macleane is a well directed and visually stunning film with a killer soundtrack. On the verge of being hilariously grotesque along the lines of  Trainspotting  yet intriguing in a dramatic sense, this  movie shines where the others don't. The setting of London is portrayed  nearly perfect for the time period where the two thieves steal just because  they can. The soundtrack that backs the drama &amp; action is beautifully  composed by Craig Armstrong, who gives it a classical feeling with the  tinge of electronica overtones. Overall, this movie rocks.
 i have always had a soft spot for the period movie, but some are better than others. this one is not a typical period movie. although it is set in the highwayman era, there are alot of modern influences that appear throughout the film. these influences will make it a love it or hate it type of film for many. personally i very much enjoy the way they put this film together, the characters are all interesting, and where the story does lack the characters continue to drive the film along. a exciting swashbuckling tale and very much worth the watch. my only real complaint is a dvd somewhat deviod of extras.
 This is my kind of movie. Robert Carlyle and Johnny Lee Miller are simply fantastic in the title roles.  If you like action adventure movies, you've got to give this one a try.  If you like period pieces, such as
 It appears most of the reviewers are saying this is a good movie that is failed by the style in which the director mixed elements of the period and modern times. I would argue, however, that this is what makes the movie such a grand and wonderful adventure. The cast work brilliantly with each other, and the two main characters were developed to the point that the audience cares about them, and during certain points of the film I could not help myself from cheering, out loud, their successes. The soundtrack is marvelous and worth appreciating on its own. If you want a serious and stuffy period piece, then this movie is definitely not for you, but if you want to be entertained and taken on a ride through the adventurous lives of highwaymen and aristocrats, I couldn't recommend a movie higher than  Plunkett &amp; Macleane .
 Going into this video, I was pretty skeptical as there are so many videos and books about Jimi and most of them aren't very good.  Slash presents a thorough and well-thought production of the effect that Jimi had on the British rock aristocracy.  It also paints a picture of what it must have been like back then in England where all the musicians rubbed shoulders.  I can only imagine the impact that Jimi had on them.  To compare, it's probably like the impact that Michael Jordan had on the world of basketball or Muhammad Ali's impact on boxing and the entire world of sports.  I just got done watching this documentary and will re-watch it because I liked it so much.  It is interesting to see interviews of Jimi's much-troubled brother Leon and yet also to see Eric Clapton and even Lemmy Kilmeister being interviewed about life with Jimi back then.  I highly recommend this video to any true Jimi Hendrix fan.
 The first episode used in this compilation comes from mid-third season. The two part story "Nisei and "731 provides Scully with additional insights to her abduction and also ties in what Mulder believes is proof of extraterrestrial life, which comes in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The hybrid is an important development to understanding of the overall conspiracy story arc and how the abductions introduced in the first volume tie in. In the next episodes the black oil begins to surface in the two part story "Piper Maru and "Apocrypha". There are some important truths revealed about the origin of the black oil in this story, as well as how the pursuit of the truth affects Skinner. The season three finale "Talitha Cumi is the first half of a two part story. This first part unveils a past relationship between the Cigarette Smoking Man and Mulder's mother that he wishes weren't true. The story continues with the second part of the story and season four premiere episode "Herrenvolk". This is when Marita Covarrubias is first introduced. Her minor role becomes important to later episodes as a pseudo-informant to Mulder. Additionally "Talitha Cumi and "Herrenvolk introduces the concept of rebel aliens who opposes colonization.  In "Tunguska and "Terma", the conspiracy story arc continues to focus on the black oil and ties in its origin to Tunguska, Russia. Both Mulder and Krycek get caught up in the mess, as well as Scully and Skinner become the center of attention with the Senate Select Subcommittee on Intelligence and Terrorism. "Momento Mori is about Scully learning more about her abduction and this episode introduces her illness, brain cancer. In the two part story "Tempus Fugit and "Max", Max Fenig from the season one episode "Fallen Angel returns. In this story Mulder and Scully try to unravel the truth behind a Military cover up of the plane crash of civilian Flight 549. Of all the episodes included, this two part story adds the least to the overall conspiracy story arc.  The next episode "Zero-Sum is an awesome episode. In this story Skinner is coerced into working for the Cigarette Smoking Man. What makes this episode great is Skinner getting down and dirty by doing some cloak and dagger type stuff. As an episode, there are some subtle, yet important details revealed about colonization. The last three episodes included in this set feature the season four finale "Gethsemane and the first two episodes from season five "Redux and "Redux II". This last story for the black oil box set proposes a few important advancements for the conspiracy story arc. The most important is the understanding Mulder obtains in the episode "Gethsemane". With the help of a man from the Pentagon's research division, Michael Kritschgau, Mulder and Scully learn that not everything is what it seems. The story continues in "Redux and "Redux II and our favorite F.B.I. agents learn more about how they have been pawns in a much larger picture.  Overall I enjoyed the watching the exclusive mythology episodes back to back. The conspiracy story arc driving the series is certainly one of the most interesting things about the show. Despite it is missing a few details in characters and whatnot, the episodes flow pretty well together. This is a great addition for fans or casual viewers interested in just the conspiracy episodes.  DVD Detailed Episode Guide (in order, and by season)  1. "Nisei", Season 3, Episode 9 2. "731", Season 3, Episode 10 3. "Piper Maru", Season 3, Episode 15 4. "Apocrypha", Season 3, Episode 16 5. "Talitha Cumi", Season 3, Episode 24 6. "Herrenvolk", Season 4, Episode 1 7. "Tunguska", Season 4, Episode 8 8. "Terma", Season 4, Episode 9 9. "Momento Mori", Season 4, Episode 14 10. "Tempus Fugit", Season 4, Episode 17 11. "Max", Season 4, Episode 18 12. "Zero-Sum", Season 4, Episode 21 13. "Gethsemane", Season 4, Episode 24 14. "Redux", Season 5, Episode 1 15. "Redux II", Season 5, Episode 2
 Like many people, I found the "Mythology eps hard to follow when they aired. I also came to see them as tedious, confusing and arbitrary as well. However, when I began to consume my X Files in ways other than a weekly one hour dose, they not only came to make more sense to me, they became my favorite XF eps, to the point that many of the MOTW and other stories took a backseat to the Myth arc. Carter and Co. may have given themelves a wide berth for plenty of improvisation, but the basic jist of the story is almost painfully simple when you watch the Myth arc in order. A close encounter of the fourth kind is followed by an insidious program of colonization- abduction, implantation, impregnation, genetic manipulation, and planned annhilation are what the greys have in store for us. The XF crew don't allow you much contact with the aliens themselves- that would allow you to familiarize them, perhaps even humanize them. As it is, the Conspirators are barely human.  This volume has the added bonus of containing the poignant Scully Cancer arc, a frightening second act to the Scully abduction story of the first volume. You'll get a heaping helping of Vancouver rain, mud and gloom as well- creating an ambience  the series missed terribly when the production moved to sunny LA.  Perhaps Fox is milking the still healthy X-Phile Nation with these boxes, but for many fans who haven't yet taken the DVD plunge, this may be a good place to start. One of the greatest serial dramas in history at its peak.
 The X-Files is my favorite all-time TV series (though, I must admit, it is tied with Seinfeld and the Simpsons). I would always look forward to seeing it, whether a rerun or a new show. Though I missed many, many, many episodes during its 9 year life (I was never really one to be glued to the TV for any show), I have been frustrated in my efforts to watch episodes I have missed, mostly due to the expense of the Complete Season DVD sets. It is once in a blue moon that I can afford to put down as much as $120 for a TV show, so I've done without for a long time, barring my ownership of Season 3. Also, I've found that the episodes I care the most about catching up on are the ones that push the main story line along-- the ones dealing with the government-conspiracy-alien-takeover story line; something I've since learned is referred to as "the Mythology arc. This will sound lame (even to this writer) but the Bare Naked Ladies song "One Week summarized my hopes when sitting down to watch the X-Files. "I hope the Smoking Man is in this one. The smoking man's involvement in an episode usually indicated a furthering of the overall plot, the mythology arc. In short, these are the Smoking Man episodes.  Vol 2 of the most current repackaging (though I found "slimmer versions of complete Seasons 1, 2, and 3 which are cheaper than the originals), takes us further down the rabbit hole, with the mythology episodes from Seasons 3 - 6.  Early acting jitters from Gillian Anderson and David Duchovany (seen in seasons one an two) are all but gone.  And with the monster of the week episodes gone, what remains is arguably the best material in the X-Files history, particularly in the first two discs.  Sure, certain helpful episodes are noticably absent (especially to X-heads), but few can argue with what's here; all killer no filler.  Though typical fans rate Seasons one through five as *****, then taper off the scores of the last half of the show's life, don't let that scare away the curious.  The last two Volumes of this repackaging are stellar, not to mention a great value @ $30.  I can't say any of the episodes or seasons or Volumes are my favorite, but "Black Oil comes close.  I mean, body jumping alien liquid trying to get back to its ship in a forgotten silo in the middle of nowhere?  C'mon!  Forget about it; it's solid, television gold.  STILL setting the prime time curve over ten years later.  OVERALL
 We know Fox Mulder and the quest he is on. We also know his companions and the people who chase him mercilessly, and we know what would happen if he gave up. That said, there is more to it all than meets the eye. There are abductions that happen, muddy little pools of the past lying in wait for the next foolhardy onlookers to come, colonization plans hatching, and soliders that are super - thanks for asking! I like that a lot and I have to give the writers a lot of credit. Even shows that model themselves after the X's cannot seem to place the right amount of boom in that sphere of intrigue.  After noting exactly what happened in the years (3 seasons) that added up to the event that encapsulated "Abductions, the X-Files turned to another story arch. This time it dealt with a mysterious fluid call the Black Oil which, by the show's accounts, began tormenting humans in the wayyy wayyy back. In fact, the one thing that this is missing is the movie "Fight the Future, where you see the aliens attacking some really acient wayfarers. True, these are collections of the series and, true, the timeline you get with this includes these run-ins. Still, some of the pieces here are missing a little.  One thing that runs a little off-base is the fact that not all of this is turly about Black Oil. While many episodes are, some are simply furthering the aliens and what they do AND this is what is called Black Oil. Even some of Colonization could actually be considered Black Oil if someone wanted to argue it, but the point of the matter is that there is a story inside of a story. If you can put this aside and watch what is happening, there is some nice stuff showcased here. When you combine that with the timeline that comes with the series - it is supposed to have that and if it does not then you shoudl not get it - you get explanations about the new players in the macabre planetary combine that chews on human will. These include "X, Marita Covarrubias, "Alex Krychek, "Jeremiah Smith, "Alien Bounty Hunter, Micheal Kritschgau, and "Max Fenig. They ar enot limited to these, but these are the ones mentioned.  Of all the things contained within this series, I like these pieces the best. The headlines are easily missed sometimes and you could possibly debate the inclusion of some pieces here. I personally love that part of it all, asking and hearing ideas, seeing what people have included in their "truths. Also, there are some extras BUT NOT much, with a few optonal interviews and a deleted scene sometimes. The interviews seem to average 1 - 3 or 1 - 4, so they are not a biggie. Stil, it is well worth taking out and looking over.
 Very good!! Much more professionnal than volume 1 ! And we start to see the picture pretty clearly! Great info! 
 BALLET SHOES (starring Emma Watson... celebrated for her lead roles in the Harry Potter films...along with an all-star acclaimed ensemble cast) is absolutely wonderful. I personally am in love it. Targeting a very large and underserved audience which is best defined as "moms and their daughters", Ballet Shoes is a film about realizing ambitions; a film where its tag line `dreams do come true' is really the `spot on' underlying message of the film... and the storyline. I believe it is destined to be a huge success for it is a tale of inspiration indeed.  A big-budget Granada film production, originally for the BBC, Ballet Shoes is based on the literary classic penned by Noel Streatfeild that women especially are very familiar with as key reading material from their childhood. A costume drama with absolutely stunning cinematography, the film portrays 1930's London with a sense of dreamy realism. For those who recall the box office smash "You've Got Mail", the book is the one being sought after that Meg Ryan launches into a verbal expose about. Ms. Ryan was right on the money, as is this adaptation of the tale.  Ballet Shoes is the story of three orphan girls; Petrova, Posie and Pauline (Emma Watson) who are raised as sisters after being brought together by a rich, world traveler as babies. As they grow up, each girl develops a dream of their own. Pauline wants to be an actress; Petrova longs to be an aviator; Posie wishes to dance. Circumstances bring them together, and together they vow to go down in the history books. "We three Fossils vow...". This vow launches the three Fossil sisters on their voyage, a journey that they travel individually as well as together, one that can only serve to inspire any young girl who watches the film.  On a personal note, I watched this film with my 8 year old daughter and 6 year old son. While my son fought to pay attention (not surprising), my daughter was riveted throughout the film. The appearance of `Hermoine' as a teen brought her into focus early on, and then the tale itself kept her eyes and ears wide open. She's asked repeatedly to watch Ballet Shoes again, which of course she has. My son, of course, is back to watching `his thing', Spiderman, Superman and The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers...  Ballet Shoes, in a certain sense, is a long form faerie tale, and I recommend it with no reservations whatsoever as superb family viewing.
 I give this five stars,because "Ballet Shoes is one of my millions of favorite books,and i saw this film version on youtube,and thought it was excellent even though the quality wasn't all that good,but to know that it is coming on to dvd here in the states on September 2nd is very good news,and the bonus features seem excellent. I think the cast did a wonderful job as the characters,and Emma Watson shined as Pauline,and this is a very faithful wonderful adaptation of Ballet Shoes,and i recommend it to everyone,and i hope if you guys enjoy the movie that you will go read the book.
 Based on the much loved Noel Streatfield novel, this is a genuine 'for all the family' film, and most definitely appealing to young girls (and their moms).  A brilliant, fun and uplifting story, intelligent script, with terrific acting all round, gorgeous camera work, lovely sets costumes and music...  what more could anyone ask for !
 Ballet Shoes is a fun loving film that is a MUST-SEE for the entire family. Despite the obstacles that these characters (orphans) face, they each are determined to fulfill their own destiny. Rising above adveristy this film is an inspiration to all young girls who strive to make their dreams come true.
 Oh my gosh, could this movie be any cuter?  I don't mean that in a sickeningly sweet way.  This movie is just a good story about women trying to make it on their own after the war in London.  The Fossil sisters were all foundlings of a collector of all things paleontology.  They grew up in a big old grand London house alongside trilobites and T Rex until those treasures had to go to make room for the growing girls.  Petrova wants to be like Amy Johnson when she grows up.  I think Amy Johnson must've been the British Amelia Earhart.  Posy was found with only a pair of pink toe shoes when she was a baby, her mother having been a young ballerina who had neither resources nor time to care for her child.  And the oldest is a stage natural.  These three girls live a life filled with love and possibility, if not one of materialism.  Still, their needs are always met and the girls receive great educations and theatre training.  IN fact, everything in this movie seems to be blessed and appointed by Providence.  Every time they have a need, it's magically filled by strangers literally at the door.  And in the end, everyone has a happy ending.  I highly recommend the Ballet Shoes.
 What a delightful adaptation of Mary Noel Streatfeild's(1895-1986)story.  She was an actress and prolific writer who very much wanted to provide children with worthwhile reading.  J.K. Rowling is a fan, and there's a few Potter alumni actors in this entertaining fable.  A paleontologist(Richard Griffiths, who plays Harry Potter's dunderheaded relative) first adopts Sylvia(Emilia Fox, whom I'll always remember as Georgiana Darcy in 'Pride and Prejudice' and simply love).  He complains about it but moves out some dinosaur bones to make room; however, "Great Uncle Gum repeats the process, bringing home three more orphaned, baby girls from various expeditions.  Sylvia cares for them in his museum-like home while he vanishes for twelve years.  Move ahead to the 1930's.  Money runs thin, and the girls make a pact to excel in their endeavors and to help their beleaguered, older sister save the home.  They take in some eccentric boarders and attend a dance academy as they try to discover their gifts and means.  The ensemble cast shines.  If you have ever watched BBC or Masterpiece Theatre you'll recognize many of these journeyman actors such as the great Gemma Jones(Dr. Jakes).  In regards to the younger actors, obviously, there's Emma Watson(Pauline) from 'Harry Potter' fame who portrays the thespian talent of the family.  Her character struggles with insecurity and pride, and Emma does a fine job expanding out beyond 'Hermione'.  She candidly talks up a storm about the making of the film in the extras.  She's a talented and bright, young woman.  Yasmin Paige(Petrova) plays the Russian girl who struggles fitting in anywhere.  Can't act or dance for the life of her, she wants to fly.  It's a tougher role since it lacks the flamboyancy of the others.  Finally, there's Lucy Boynton(Posy) whom we loved as Margaret in 'Sense and Sensibility(2007)'.  What a growing star!  Her timing and delivering are impeccable.  Again, she's absolutely hilarious.  Apparently, all the actresses enjoyed the dancing, but poor Lucy didn't much care for the red hair.  Sandra Goldbacher directs('The Governess'); Heidi Thomas wrote the screenplay(episodes of 'Cranford' and 'Lilies'- both excellent and a favorite of ours, 'I Capture the Castle').   It amazes me how the Brits put out films like this.  It doesn't feel forced or contrived.  It bounces between drama, comedy, with a bit of whimsy and a dash of suspense and romance all wrapped neatly without any nasty bits or nasty people.  A family film geared for school-aged girls, but with enough to interest finicky adults.  The moral of the fable
 This film is about 3 girls growing up in England in the 1930's and how they work to help support their household.  I find that it is very well presented and the story line is great.  I was impressed with the young girl acting in the film.  They all where like watching a much older actor.  I don't think anyone would be disappointed in buying this film.
 This movie isn't what I would call a "chick flick", but it is wonderful for Mothers and Daughters.  This is a very sweet story of success if family and friends come together to support each other.  It has some very purposeful messages, especially to young women, who allow their success in life to overcome who they really are.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and bought it the first day it came out.
 This is a delightful film. The book was written in the 1930's, but its expression of young girls' hopes and dreams is timeless.  The film is true to the book, with a few bizarre exceptions--what on earth was going on with Nana's hair, and where did the romance and all that smoking come from, and why? However, these anomalies are easily overlooked because the rest of the film really captures the look and feel of the book--the way I always pictured it in my mind. I only wish it could have been longer, so that we could have seen more of the story. Much of the casting is perfect--particularly Pauline, Gum, and Winifred. Emma Watson is the perfect Pauline!  I highly recommend this movie for anyone over age 8 or 9, and hope that it sparks a resurgence of interest in all of Noel Streatfeild's "Shoes books.  Her stories embodied the concept of "girl power long before the phrase was coined.  Another "Shoes film would be nice too--maybe someone will make Movie Shoes into a film.  It would appeal to both boys and girls.  One can only hope!
 First off, I'd like to say that I received this movie only 3 days after my purchase! Fantastic! It also came with a movie poster inside, which is now hanging beauifully on my wall! After receiving this movie, I literally watched it once everyday for a week. I myself, am a former ballerina of 12 years, and also an obsessed Harry Potter and Emma Watson fan, found this movie perfect. It is a british film, but it's in no way difficult to understand the accents, as they are all professional and speak very clearly.  This is the story of three orphan girls who live with their guardian and nanny who are renting out rooms in their house in hopes of making some money. As the story progresses, the new housemates see different quirks and potentials in the girls, and suggest they take their hopes and dreams further.  It's great for all ages because there isn't any bad language or scary parts in it, but I feel as though it would best hold the attention to children 10 and older. I am most pleased with this purchase and if you love Emma Watson and/or ballet, heartwarming films, you'll love this one!
 I had no expectations of this movie having never read or heard of the book. I bought it because Emma Watson was in it and was curious to see her outside of the Harry Potter character of Hermione. She was wonderful, as were all the girls. I loved this movie. It took me back to the dreams I had as a young girl and still dream of to this day. This movie will touch all girls and women of any age. I'll watch it over and over again.
 I bought this movie hoping to like it because of Emma Watson being in it. She is a great actress and this movie was wonderful with her in it. My daughter who is almost 4 didn't understand some of it, but she still enjoyed watching it with me. It is a movie we will enjoy over and over again!
 Buier Beware! My granddaughter hinted she wanted "Ballet Shoes the movie for X-Mas. I looked on Amazon and found one site offering a single, new DVD of Ballet Shoes for $5.10 +S&H, then I found this site offering 3-DVDs of Ballet Shoes for $37.50 (now $44.08) and scrolling down the details, it read [FORMAT
 I really enjoyed Ballet Shoes.  I am a big fan of the original novel by Noel Streatfield and so I was nervous about seeing the film version, afraid that too much would be changed, but instead it is wonderfully true to the book and really makes the story come to life in a whole new way.  The characters were delightful, spot-on to the book, and the acting was well done.  Overall, I would absolutely recommend this movie to anyone looking for a good family-friendly flick with a feel-good story and strong, likable characters.
 My nine year old daughter has been a dancer since she was three and loves all things ballet.  She read the book, Ballet Shoes by Noel Streetfield and then we rented the movie.  She loved it.  It was impossible to find it for purchase in a store so I got it here and for a great price!
 I admit I only watched this movie cuz Emma Watson was in it....she's just too lovely to pass up a movie on. I'm a guy what can I say. She's breathtaking. It was nice seeing her in a movie outside Harry Potter.  She proved that she can act.  Brains and beauty.  Her character goes through the movie to be onstage and acting. When she becomes real famous she turns a bit into a brat and selfish. She pushes Petrova in acting just to help her own place in theater. Once the lead female role in Alice in wonderland is given to her understudy she realizes her bratty ways and selfishness has gone too far and makes her readjust herself to be more humble and giving.  The cast was pretty good and I liked the ensemble for the most part.  It has a decent ending I guess with an overall lesson I guess which is Dreams Do Come True.  The DVD includes deleted scenes and about a 20-25 minute interview with Emma Watson about the movie which I enjoyed very much.  Definitely worth picking up if you are fan of the book(which I never read) or like Emma Watson like me. LOL
 I wasn't sure what to expect with this movie because I have never read the book.  I actually didn't even know a book existed until I read some of the reviews, but I was delightfully surprised at how wonderful the movie was.  It had a great story with good acting.  This is definitely one that the whole family can enjoy.
 If you like a nice family sit down movie, especially I imagine with children keen on Ballet and arts (but not limited) this is a great movie. It is touching. It has a series of struggles and with smiles the characters manage well, and learn from hard lessons.  Great movie for a niche audience  Bravo
 I bought it for my daughter who had read the book. She enjoyed it and it is one of her favorite. I use to buy movies based on books my family has read, specially my daughter. She considers that the movie, in general, is close to the book.
 This is a wonderful story and it is wonderfully done. Each character gives life to their part and in turn enables the other characters to show forth what the author was seeking to reveal in this heart warming film. It therefore became to me a must have movie and I will enjoy it many more times.  T.N. Craig
 This 1930s era story centers around 3 adopted orphans. Each has ambition and a life desire. Don't let the title fool you. Very little is truly about ballet. The story is their struggle to grow up and achieve their heart's dream. It works well for a story from a book, although the children are a bit older in the film compared to the book. It hurts nothing. Well acted by young actresses, but it is the other, adult acting that caught my eye.  What a wonderful look at some very famous British film/TV/theater stars. They help this story immensely. No upstaging, just wonderful characters played very realistically. They make this period story divine. And costuming wonderful, from common wear to actress elaborations. SUBTITLES included. Bonus
 Based on Noel Streatfeild's novel of the same name, Ballet Shoes is the story of three orphaned girls adopted by a world traveler and raised by his niece in London in the 1930s. Pauline (Harry Potter's Emma Watson) wants to be an actress, Petrova, an aviator and Posy, a ballerina. When the benefactor disappears, their money runs out. All have to struggle to meet their goals but survive emotionally and financially and support one another as a family unit. This is an enjoyable light tale of determination with a cast of odd lovable characters.
 I was looking for this item in the stores for more than a month... it is a really good movie..
 One of the most engaging movies I have seen for a long time is the 2008 BBC production of "Ballet Shoes; a meditation on creative talent and perseverance. Based on the Noel Streatfeild 1993 novel of the same title set in London in the 1930's, the storyline of the film moves fast and holds your attention to the very end. The dialogue is spirited and expressive. Cast as young orphans in three key roles are Lucy Boynton, an aspiring ballerina, Emma Watson, a promising actor, and Yasmin Paige, a mechanically inclined girl who wants to fly airplanes.   The additional cast of Eileen Atkins, Peter Bowles, Lucy Cohu, Emilia Fox, Richard Griffiths, Gemma Jones, Adrian Lester, Harriet Walter, Marc Warren and Victoria Wood play first-rate supporting roles.   An exclusive interview with Emma Watson -- a charming extra feature on this DVD -- shows her to be a truly accomplished young artist.
 This was an extremely touching movie.  It just warms your heart!  There were many funny parts as well and the outfits and costumes were wonderful!  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to have an hour and a half of their life to feel warm and fuzzy.
 I BOUGHT THIS VIDEO FOR MY GRAND-DAUGHTER. WE WATCHED IT TOGETHER. IT IS A GREAT MOVIE FOR MOMS AND DAUGHTERS, GRANDMAS AND GRAND-DAUGHTERS, OR TWEEN AND EARLY TEEN GIRLS. ESPECIALLY IF THEY LOVE DANCE. IT WAS A GOOD MOVIE HISTORICALLY, AND AN ENCOURAGING MOVIE ABOUT THE TRIALS AND TRIUMPHS OF LIFE. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
 This movie is wonderful. We loved it, and sent it to the grandkids. Highly recommended.
 and now I am delighted that I remembered. The story is original and very quirky, quite funny at times and then deeply moving. Emma Watson plays a bit of a brat, but humbles easy. In an interview she once said that it is probable that she will do very little acting after Harry Potter, but after seeing this film I believe she is mistaken. Insight into the plight of a single woman trying to support 3 orphans in post-war Britain was riveting. That those orphaned girls could find work in the entertainment field seems plausible. The story is very moving when the girls feel so much pressure to excel at their crafts to help support their little family. For some reason Radio Days comes to my mind, and if you enjoy that sort of thing this will be a keeper.
 This film was a huge surprise to me. I had never heard of it, and rented it on a lark. It is so much fun! Who wouldn't love a film about three Depression ophans in England who save their family home by talent and pluck? Beautifully made. You will have a brilliant time!
 Koch Vision presents "BALLET SHOES (26 December 2007) (84 mins/Color) (Dolby digitally remastered)  -- Featuring an all-star cast led by Watson (Hermione Granger of Harry Potter), the inspiring and uplifting family drama Ballet Shoes won over audiences of all ages during its UK premiere last Christmas --- Now, KOCH Vision brings Ballet Shoes to American audiences for the first time, when this feature-length adaptation of Noel Streatfeild's beloved novel makes its DVD debut, complete with an exclusive Emma Watson bonus interview --- With her latest blockbuster,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, shelved until next July, Hermione's millions of fans will thrill to her starring role in one of the top-rated TV movies in the UK last year.  Story line and plot, Ballet Shoes tells the enchanting story of Pauline, Petrova and Posy Fossil - three orphans adopted by an eccentric explorer and raised as sisters by his selfless niece --- Each of the girls has her own destiny to fulfill; Pauline wants to act, Petrova yearns to be an aviator, and Posy is born to dance --- Amidst adversity, the three orphans vow to keep their family together, embarking on an exhilarating journey to realize their dreams.  Under the production staff of
 THIS WAS A AWESUM MOVIE AND I LOVED IT BUT THE ENDING WAS PRETTY STUPID, GET THE MOVIE WATCH IT AND TELL ME YOUR THOUGHTS ON HOW IT ENDED. OTHER THEN THAT I LOVED IT AND I LOVE THE FACT THAT IT GOT TO ME ONLY A FEW DAYS AFTER I ORDERED IT.
 "Hollywood to Dollywood documents the struggle that two identical gay twin brothers have in trying to get a movie script (that they have written) into the hands of their idol Dolly Parton. After sending the script to Dolly's management in Nashville where it was returned as unsolicited material, Gary and Larry Lane, two beautiful looking and intelligent guys, decide the only way to get the script into Dolly's hands is by meeting her at Dollywood, Dolly's theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee at its 25th Anniversary opening. Knowing Dolly always makes appearances at the park's season opening the Lane brothers are hoping they will somehow get to meet Dolly and hand her the script.   The film starts in Los Angeles, where Gary and Larry live, and they decide to rent an RV promptly named by them as Jolene, in reference to Dolly's #1 song from 1974, and decide to travel cross country to Tennessee. On their way there with Mike Bowen (Gary's boyfriend who does the driving) the twins encounter various people who also idolize Dolly and recount their feelings toward her.   "Hollywood to Dollywood also addresses the issue of homosexuality, people's prejudices toward our sexual orientation (yes I am gay too) and the problem the twin's mother has in dealing with having two gay sons.   The movie shows actual scenes of the terrible flood in downtown Nashville which occured in 2010, the damage to one of Dolly's then businesses "Trinkets and Treasures and their eventual arrival in Pigeon Forge. I will not say if Gary and Larry meet Dolly, but the ending is not to be missed.   Gary and Larry supported the financing of the documentary from their own pockets (they were winners on a network reality series called "Wipeout") and the film has won dozens of "Best Documentary awards.   The film is simply beautifully produced, has a ton of cameos with people like Oscar-winner Dustin Lance Black (screenplay writer of "Milk"), Chad Allen, Beth Grant (who starred with Dolly in the 1999 TV film "Blue Valley Songbird") and funny Leslie Jordan who recounts the time as a teenager he went to see Dolly in 1970 when RCA recorded her "A Real Live Dolly album at her high school. When one of the twins (I can't tell them apart) actually gives Leslie a copy of the rare CD recording of "A Real Live Dolly you can see the love Leslie has for the one and only Dolly Parton.   Dolly had a hand in the film herself as she allowed Gary and Larry to use 15 of her original songs to be used in the soundtrack at no cost. Her classics like "Coat of Many Colors", "Jolene and "I Will Always Love You only add essence to what is already a remarkable film. 10% of what the movie makes goes to Dolly's Imagination Library Program.   There are several bonuses such as 90 minutes of features never before seen including what the boys have been up to since the film's release, their appearances on the "Marie Osmond and the "Jeff Probst talk shows, an interview with director John Lavin, a Question and Answer session with Chad Allen and Gary and Larry at the New York City Film Festival and so much more.   I adore "Hollywood to Dollywood as not only does it show the love that Dolly's fan base have of their idol as well as her love for them, but it's underlying theme of the acceptance of anyone, no matter what your sexuality, is really what love is all about.   "The Hollywood Reporter says the film is a "Casually road trip doc about aspiring screenwriters desperate to meet their showbiz idol".  I am proud of you Gary and Larry, what you have done for gay rights, your respect and recognition for the greatest entertainer that has ever lived and for being proud of who you are!   Much love to you both!
 I saw it at it's Festival premier in July 2011 and fell in love with the film and became a Polly Parton fan. Since then I've seen it at least 5 times it still makes me cry and laugh. It's a simple premise, deliver a package from point a to point b. Throw in two great guys (the twins), the people they know (in Hollywood) and the people they meet (on the road), a dream, and a super star, you come out with a must see and must own film.
 Best movie ever, hilarious and touching. I highly recommend to everyone. I saw it in the theater and I was laughing out loud. I've now seen it about 6 times.
 I just got  back from  picking this set up and put them  in to sample about before getting back to work but could not  stop watching until  they were done.  This is just brilliant stuff.  Lennon is just ridiculously honest and all of these were made before PR guys had soundbytes programmed into the mouths of the talent and Tom Snyder asked some  of the most ludicrous and  off the wall questions which all  ads to the fun.  More than a curiosity (as many of these DVDs of old shows are) all three of the fab four say interesting things and this set will get repeated viewing. I can't  recommend this strongly enough.  If you are a Beatles fan (who isn't?) or a fan of pop culture or music in general...just amazing! enjoy!
 THE TOMORROW SHOW WITH TOM SYNDER is a two-disc dvd set showing separate in-depth interviews with three of the Beatles
 A genuine piece of history. The Paul segment is OK, the Ringo segment is he being his usual charming self. You gotta love Ringo.  The real value of this disc set is the full show that aired roughly 24 hours after John died, built around a re-airing of his 1975 interview with Tom.  The interview is fascinating, a nice blend of humor and John's sometimes caustic memories. He's clever but understated. Tom is his usually nebbish self, kind hearted, a bit star struck, a square in a leisure suit but extremely sympathetic to the counterculture. Rest in peace, Tom, you were a good man. You before anyone turned us on to the Jam and the Clash and many others...  But above all this disc transmits what a crushing event had taken place the night before. Columnist Lisa Robinson and producer Jack Douglas are interviewed a day after someone they knew well was taken from all of us, and they're shellshocked. As we all were.  It's hard to explain to someone too young to remember that night, but John's death was to my generation the greatest shock and deepest cultural heartbreak since Robert Kennedy's death. Think of it... more phone calls were made that night in this country than at any time in history, according to phone company stats. It was so strange... the way we all had to reach out to someone we love to help us get through it. Calling friends who hadn't heard the news.... and hearing them break down on the phone. Such a horrible night, as though we'd lost someone in our family. I remember watching this show as people around me openly sobbed, even after we thought we had no tears left. If you were "there this disc may be difficult to watch, but it pays ample honor to an exceptionally talented man that to this day is in our hearts.
 This is an especially poignant interview with John Lennon. Very candid, mature John, not the usual flippant person seen on the Mike Douglas or Dick Cavett series. Tom Snyder provides an intelligent interview, John offers thoughtful and very insightful conversation. My opinion is the absence of Yoko is the difference here. McCartney and Starr are a waste of time but I guess there is some historical significance to their inclusion. Without a doubt, the highlight is the Lennon interview.
 Tom Snyder was always entertaining and a fine interviewer.A pleasant DVD with no dull time.I am a huge Beatle fan and Tom Snyder fan and this is a very nice DVD on all counts!
 I own all of these interviews on bootleg DVD but will be buying this new set on April 1st, I'm wondering why the amazon description says Angie Dickinson is on the DVDs? I don't recall seeing her on my bootleg tapes. heyricky