 Mexican men are macho rapists, gangsters or ineffective bureaucrats. Mexican women are semi-pagan, pious fools. There are self-serving corporate types and even a pushy, culturally-insensitive liberal female reporter.  The story is absurd, the characters are unbelievable, the stereotypes are offensive.
 This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen. The acting wasn't good, it was very predictable, and some parts of the plot were competly unnecessary. The worst bit of acting was when Yellow comes home, his owner has no expression when he sees him and does not look even remotely happy. If you want predictable, watch a survival movie. What happens, almost always, is a person gets lost in the wilderness in an accident, they struggle to survive, they are found, and then brought home. "Far From Home" is no exception. As for unnecessary, the whole "romance" part of this movie was badly done and not needed. The girl gives him cookies and kisses him when he comes home, and all the while, the boy of her affections remains pretty much obtuse. Also some parts of this movie might upset young children, such as the time he kills a rabbit and when Yellow can't be rescued. All in all, I would not advise anyone to see this movie; in fact, I would warn against it.
 Classics remain beloved for hundreds of years because they are wonderfully crafted and contain universal truths that still speak to us. The director and producer of this condescending adaptation of Dumas' classic story must feel that the modern American audience doesn't have the intelligence to appreciate great classic works.  Oh, the basic story line is there--man is wronged, man goes to prison, man escapes, man finds treasure, man seeks revenge. But that is where the homage to this great work ends and the often ridiculous changes are made. I know that it is cliche to say that the movie is not as good as the book. In this case, however, I can't believe they actually had the audacity to call the movie by the same name as the classic novel which it so minimally follows.  One can excuse some adaptations of a novel when produced as a screenplay, but the changes made in this case lose all the beauty and terrible power of the original story. Instead of a wonderful slow burn with a lot of atmosphere as Dantes slowly and painstakingly weaves a web of revenge for the wrongs done to him, we have stupid devices like a flamboyant entry in a hot air balloon, complete with Cirque du Soleil acrobats twisting on the ropes. Instead of an intricate plan to destroy the personages who wronged him, we have swashbuckling sword fights every few scenes.  Some major characters are missing completely (such as Valentine) some have been shamelessly changed and substituted (Jacopo for Ali). The final plot device is totally contrived and NOT in the book--we find out that Dantes has a son sired on Mercedes before he was arrested. I guess the screenwriters felt they had to put some sex in the story or no one would like it.  I awaited this production eagerly; having now seen it I feel disgusted and insulted.  If you want to see an intelligent production of the Count of Monte Cristo, avoid this movie like the Black Death. It would be better to lock the DVD in the Chateau D'If. If you haven't read the book, you may enjoy it, since you won't be dissapointed by what is lacking. It does have good scenery and filming, although some of the acting is terrible (Jacopo especially).  To the director and producers
 While this maybe an entertainig movie for the ones who have not read the book, it is an abomination for those of us who cherish one of the world's greatest classics.  It is like Romeo and Juliette getting married and live happily ever after.  There are indeed beautiful scenes, good acting and an appealing story the movie is not really reflecting the book.  I was thoroughly disgusted walking out of the theater. I would very highly recommend the 1974 version with Richard Chaimberlain as a much better film
 If you read and loved the book, then most likely this movie isn't for you.  The only similarities between the two being Dantes imprisonment and escape.  I have yet to see a movie version of the Count of Monte Cristo that gets the story right, the closest being the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version, but even that one had it's flaws.  A summery of this movie would be Edmond Dantes' life is ruined by his greedy friend, but after tweleve years in prison, Dantes comes back, gets his vengence, and Mercedes and his life goes back to how it was twelve years ago.  The book is so much deeper, and this unrealistic fairy tale ending makes the whole movie feel flat.
 I had just finished reading the book and decided I'd like see how it was adapted to the big screen.  This version was the worst adaptation I've seen of a book made into a movie.  As I watched the film I wondered if the makers of the movie even bothered to read the book.  My girlfriend kept asking me during the film if "that happened in the book?"  At the end of the movie I told her that basically everything in the movie was not how it occurred in the book.  She enjoyed the movie until the end when it was like a "cheesy 80's montage".  The book is wonderful.  When I finished reading it, I felt like I had lost a good friend-I wished I could just keep reading it and reading it.  I've never read such an excellent novel.
 Probably the worst re-telling of a great novel I have ever seen. Only scant resemblence to the Dumas book appears in this movie. the screenplay is contrived and the action uneven at best. It's too bad because the actors do a nice job with their roles. This may be an unfair criticism because I couldn't bear to watch this thing to the end. The version with Gerard Depardieu is no more satisfying or faithful to the original source. For the new generation of moviegoers, try to see the made for TV movie with Richard Chamberlain as Dantes. You'll enjoy Alexandre Dumas much more than Alexandre Dumb...
 If you have read Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo then you know that it is a tale that begins but developing the character of Edmond Dantes.  He is a simple man whose main ambition is to marry the beautiful Mercedes.  He proposes to her and on the night of their engagement he is arrested for treason, betrayed by his best friend.  This is a summation of the first chapter.  The second and maybe third chapter relates his time in prison, learning and growing from his relationship with a fellow prisoner.  He also learns from this prisoner the location of a treasure suitable for a dozen kings.  The remaining 90% of the book relates the immensley complicated details of his revenge on those that tore from him the life he held so precious.  It is a tale of intrigue and revenge that takes its time to build and develop.  When you see the traps swinging closed on Dante's enemies you feel a sense of accomplishment with him.  Now, on to the movie.  The first full half of the movie relates Dante's betrayal and captivity.  This leaves only an hour to illustrate his revenge.  What is accomplished is a sad imitation of Alexandre Dumas' master work.  This is one of my favorite books, and one of my least favorite movies.  Hollywood's need for adventure movies to be fast paced to match today's lifestyle has ruined this story for many people.  They just don't know it.
 This was only useable elsewhere. It said wrong area when I inserted it, But Im told it cant be returned if 'opened' I just took off the cellophane. Why agree to sell and post a DVD to the UK when it was impossible to watch?? a big con trick
 It finally arrived after waiting over a month....it was sent with no protective wrapping of any kind and was damaged...as was the case it arrived in...I was very disatisfied and not pleased...from now on I will only order strictly from amazon.
 I ordered a Used-Like New dvd, and the dvd was packaged nicely with a seemingly new and glossed cover. However, after popping it into the dvd player, the movie played till about half of the time and started freezing and showing no picture but sound. I initially thought something was wrong with my dvd player, so I took the dvd to my friends computers, three of them, and the same error showed at the same place in the movie. I was so frustrated because I loved this movie so much that I was so happy to now have an actual dvd copy of it; however, that was a fail. Because it was Used dvd nonetheless, I felt scammed. The sellers must have had checked whether the dvd worked properly or not, but they still sold it--to me. Please check your USED CD/DVDs before reselling it back! In the end, I asked for a refund, and I hope I get it.
 Calling this movie after Alexandre Dumas' original novel is like calling Bernstein's 'West Side Story' 'Romeo and Julliette' after Shakespeare's work. So many elements of the story were altered that Dumas' original plot and theme are no longer recognizable except for the names of some of the characters. They might as well call this film 'The Count of Hollywood' and set the story in modern L.A. instead of 19th century France.    In this film, Dantes is informed of the mission to rescue Napoleon from the onset as opposed to finding about it when returning to shore. Danglars is barely in the picture and is cast as a pirate instead of a banker. Mercedes marries Fernand one month after Dantes is imprisoned instead of 18 months (So much for her loyalty
 This review is not of the movie, which I love and why I want it on bluray, the review is of the actual bluray disc.  I bought the movie and exchanged it twice all for the same problems
 I can't belive they dis such a horrible work on this movie, if they would have stuck to the plot that went on in THE BOOK, you know, where they got the idea from, then the movie would have been a success.  But since hollywood likes to ruin great works of art, then they do what they did with this movie, they BLEW IT!!!! If you really want to get the true feel of The Count Of Monte Cristo,  then READ THE BOOK, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED THERE.
 Apparently someone who read the book 5 years ago gave the screenwriter a brief rundown on the plot. Holy [cow]. I really enjoyed the book and this was a big letdown.  Huge parts of movie are new, and enormous pieces of the original plot are left out.  It would be one thing if the changes made the transition to film easier, (as with Lord of the Rings), but I don't think they even tried. Dumas is not exactly the most daring or controversial writer; I'm not sure why a perfectly good story, and ending, had to be filled up with enough dairy to rival a cheese castle. If you haven't read the book in a while or at all and you do like this movie, or even if you think it was allright, please take the time to read or review the book. Maybe the makers didn't want to spoil the book for that haven't read it, I'm not sure.  There's much more satisfaction at the end than an illegitimate child and a duel between two people that were never "boyhood friends. As I write this, I am about 500 pages into reading the book.  I decided to watch this because I was certain that, as a major Hollywood production, it would not reveal to me any of the plot I have not yet encountered.  Man, I hate being right sometimes. Scene 1
 Very inferior to the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version. It's as if a chimp took a sledgehammer to the story and knocked all the sense out of it. The characters are dumbed down and the actors are forced into flat caricatures (except for a fine performance by Richard Harris). Caviezal is unable to transform the guileless young Dantes into the dynamic Machiavellian. When he makes his entrance as The Count of Monte Cristo, he limply floats onto the scene and sighs, "Glad you could all make it to my party." Since most of the movie was shot in the dark, there is little for the eyes here. Even the music disappoints.
 After finishing Dumas' classic novel, I immediatly watched this movie. About an hour later, and a hillarious balloon scene, I sadly ejected the DVD, which I now use for a coaster. If you've never read the book, you've got nothing to lose. But if you've ever read the book, you get that sense of annoyance very quickly, and outrage towards the end. Do yourself a favor and read the book first! It is excellent!
 I understand such a huge book can not be transferred wholly to the big screen, but the script deviates drastically from the book in the way it ends. Had i known that, i wouldn't have bought it.  There are some very nice scenes & cinematography.
 This DVD would not play due to parameters.  Read carefully ...REGION 2.  Will not play in America.  Total Fail for me!<a href="http
 Well this is a great movie but have not had the pleasure of getting to watch it because I am out of region. What does that mean anyway!? Not sure but don't buy anything if out of a region cause it won't play. Guess ya live and learn!
 The Count of Monte Cristo in the original book starts off as a young and naive sailor. But the betrayal by his supposed friends and his unjust imprisonment turns him into someone very different.  He presents himself at different times as enigmatic, dangerous, cunning, able to bend criminals to his will and to lure aristocrats into becoming his friend.  He finds out the inner secrets of each of his enemies and turns their weaknesses into their downfall.  This character is perhaps the most romantic in fiction and one of the most complex.  The script does the actors a serious disservice, but a stronger actor in the role of the Count could still have done a good job of showing us the deep undercurrent of anger that drove his actions and made him believable.  Unfortunately, James Caviezel isn't capable of bringing that depth of acting to the role.  The people who enjoyed the mini-series/film either never read the book or have forgotten what it was really like.
 I opened this "new" DVD and it skipped every 20 to 30 seconds throughout the entire movie. I would not recommend buying a DVD from this seller, as it may not work properly.
 The book, The Count of Monte Cristo, is one of my favorites.  I know that movies can miss certain elements in the book and that usually the book is better.  So I can forgive most movies even if they miss some things.  But this movie seems to have missed the point entirely.  It seems that they thought sword fights and one-liners where what this story is about.  Where the book created this fully fleshed world of Edmond Dantes, the movie is like the superficial Hollywood version of the hastily read cliff notes.  If you are looking for a movie that takes the themes from this book accurately, then watch the movie, SLEEPERS.  (with Jason Patrick, Brad Pitt, Robert DeNiro, etc.)  Even though the time and place and people are entirely different, the story of this film rings more true to the heart of the novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, than any film version of the book I've ever seen.  Read the book, and watch both movies and you'll see why.
 For those of you who have read the book (abridged or unabridged), be prepared to be dissapointed!  The only similarity that the movie and the book share is the name itself.  It is a travesty that somebody can re-write a classic literary work into something like a made-for-tv movie!  Check that...there is a made-for-tv series in French (made by Bravo, I believe) that is the closest depiction of The Count of Monte Cristo that I have ever seen.  I would not waste my time watching thismovie!  See the bravo flick...not this one!
 What an unmitigated piece of garbage.  Richard Harris is always wonderful but he's the only redeeming feature of this perverse twisting of Dumas' classic.  See the G&eacute;rard Depardieu mini-series instead.  (If you can ignore the fact that he doesn't look starved in the Chateau d'If, it's wonderful.)  Except for Harris the acting is poor.  The people are unrealistic and are, at best, caricatures of Dumas' creations.  The writer has committed a crime.
 I have a blu-ray player that is a year old.  The firmware is from this year. This is the first blu-ray disc that will not play.  I tried two copies that were in perfect condition.  Do not buy this disk.
 This movie is the events of Dumas' classic stamped onto a canned Hollywood adventure/love story.  The formula is the same used in 80's montage movies
 I had to return this Blue Ray twice and I still don't have a working copy. finaly I told Amazon to refund my purchase. the disc would not play on my new Sony BR player. I updated my firmware and other BR discs played on my player, but I was never able to get this disc to play.
 Why is it that so many filmmakers believe that they can improve upon classic novels by changing them?  Such conceit rarely results in a movie that is a credit to the novel upon which it is based, few surpass the original, and this is certainly no exception. Jim Caviezel is certainly eye candy in this movie, and if you are interested in that, or in seeing a VERY YOUNG Henry Cavill (of the Tudors), then by all means buy this movie.  However, if you want to enjoy "The Count of Monte Cristo," slog through the book.  This is NO substitute.  Most of the plot has been stripped away, and that which remains has been altered beyond recognition.
 This is easily one of the five worst movies I've ever seen. Forget that, it's one of the *two* worst movies I've ever seen. While Guy Pearce is usually an excellent actor, and Jim Caviezel has the perfect look for Edmund Dantes (at least, post-imprisonment), there is nothing that could have saved such a woefully terrible screenplay. The Dumas novel is one of the best books I've ever read, filled with intrigue, action, and mystery, with vibrant characters and brilliant plotting. Granted, adapting such a grand story to the screen would probably take four hours or more, but if one isn't going to attempt an adaptation of the original story, then one should just make a new movie. That being said, all the interesting, original parts of the book were removed and replaced with a cookie-cutter revenge plot, stereotypical, one-dimensional characters, and bland dialogue that too often inserts modern slang into Napoleonic-era France. This movie is the "Count of Monte Cristo" in name only, and in every other way, a poorly conceived, vapid, dime-a-dozen action flick. Avoid it at all costs.
 I've been itching to buy this movie since I saw it in the theatre. Now I'm going to have to wait until they release a widescreen version because there's no way I'm paying for pan&scan. A beautifully crafted film both in visuals and acting, not to mention the masterful story telling. The only letdown is not having widescreen, which is unforgivable and therefore this DVD release gets one star, for what would otherwise be a five star rating.
 My only reason for seeing this film is because  Luis Guzman is in it.  I find these Napoleon/Shakespeare/pirate films to very very dull, boring and over-long.    Luis plays a much different role here than what we are use to seeing.  Doesn't he look handsome in that red English coat?
 The DVD was from the wrong region - didn't even know that was possible. So irritated I didn't want to mess with return process.Still don't have my DVD,  ) 
 One thing I want to point out about this documentary is it starts out talking about personal credit card debt and approximately 30 mins into the documentary starts to talk about national debt and how much national debt the U.S. owes. In economics, personal credit card debt and the national debt are two very different issues. I find it dishonest that the filmmakers would mislead consumers by lumping both types of debt together - they are separate issues and need to be addressed as such.  I would agree with the part of the film where it states "debt is a much larger symptom of economic and structural issues facing households" and that "households are facing declining and stagnating incomes while costs are skyrocketing". I certainly agree that public policy must be changed to address such issues, however, the film barely touched upon this topic.  I kept waiting to hear solutions the film would propose to address personal credit card debt in this nation - whether those solutions be on a personal or national level. In the end, the film gave about a 5-minute soundbite on the how this issue needs to be addressed at the community level.  Overall, poorly organized documentary that goes off on tangents. The mention of faith-based solutions at the end without elaborating on what such solutions are rounded off an already weak movie.
 The least informative documentary I have ever seen and I am a career student.  This documentary provided no proof for its claims. All of the claims are backed by indivdual opinions with no creditability. Dont waste your money... Email me and I will mail you my copy.
 I took a chance on this low cost download, hoping the low-budget art-house movie would interest my mind and entertain me.  First, the digital quality forced me to either sit far back or to shrink the image on my screen.  I've have better image quality with VHS videos.  The best attributes of the content were a decent makeup/face of the actor playing the artist, and a plain-looking painted wall in one of the rooms had some 'potential'.  Other than that, there is nothing to interest the viewer visually.  The asylum and people don't look like late 19th Century southern France.  They don't even try to behave, look, or sound French.  Just a little is all that's needed for the viewers imaginations to pick up on something.  No views of the countryside or closeups of anything interesting to set the stage or mood.  Lighting skills were absent.  The entire first 20 minutes could have been just a few lines with some emotion and visuals to set the tone, but rather it's an immense amount of words spoken by the actor either to himself or to someone else.  Worse, the words are like they are read from a poorly written book.  No other conflicts, nothing else going on, and simply no theatrical or cinematic 'artistry'.  After 20 minutes, I fast forwarded to see if anything else happened different, but was disappointed.  I've seen low budget do well before, but this lacks all those little elements that are needed to make it something entertaining.
 The actor playing Van Gogh has the mannerisms and speech patterns of Woody Allen. It's the worst acting I've ever seen, and there's nothing else to focus on, as the film is nothing but a series of hallucinated conversations interrupted by stuttering, hand-wringing monologues.
 the stream was pixelated and kept on stopping and starting. There was no smooth stream. I tried to watch it at different times on 2 different computers same results
 If you thought "Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla had to be the worst Sammy Petrillo movie, think again. In 2007 I said of Petrillo's performance in that vastly better (!) production "...be advised that Sammy Petrillo may be the most annoying man in show business, and in retrospect that was generous. "Keyholes are for Peeping features Petrillo in a dual role
 Imagine you are a woman living in the United States, and a foreign fighter (Pick any of the convenient enemies - The Soviets, Al Qaida, The French, etc) invades your town, killing your husband and trying to destroy your very way of life.  Imagine again, that within 6 months, he has learned everything there is to know about being an American, and has embraced the American culture and now becomes a leader in the fight against his own countrymen. So dedicated is he to his new "family", that he even goes into battle wearing your dead husband's uniform.  Did I mention that you have fallen madly in love with him?  If this sounds too far-fetched to be true, imagine the same story, only you are Japanese, a race and culture renowned for excluding outsiders and foreigners, as well as a culture that is almost impenetrable in its subtlety.  Unbelieveable, isn't it? Apparently, not if you're Tom Cruise.
 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure" March 4, 2004 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN" meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve" they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way considering there History.